
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106014                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106014252357                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               633116315265                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 316456                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   400548                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1913812                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67617488                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55394.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17529831246                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22188060192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2500480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4091648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1433088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1426048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1422080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2513024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3729408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4145280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      3728384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1405184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1834752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2478464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4176768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1387776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2448896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4162048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             42960384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10371712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10371712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        19535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        31966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        11196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        11141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        11110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        19633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        29136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        32385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        29128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        10978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        14334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        19363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        32631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        10842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        19132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        32516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                335628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           81029                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                81029                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        43466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     23586263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        51918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     38595263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        42258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13517881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13451474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13414045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23704586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        45881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     35178364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        49503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     39101158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     35168705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        39844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13254671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        49503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     17306654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23378592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        48295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     39398174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13090466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        43466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     23099687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39259325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               405232156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        43466                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        51918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        42258                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45881                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45881                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41051                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        45881                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        49503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45881                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        39844                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        49503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41051                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        48295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45881                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        43466                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47088                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             726846                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          97833185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               97833185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          97833185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        43466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     23586263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        51918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     38595263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        42258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13517881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        45881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13451474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        45881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13414045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        41051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23704586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        45881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     35178364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        49503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     39101158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        45881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     35168705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        39844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13254671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        49503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     17306654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        41051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23378592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        48295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     39398174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        45881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13090466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        43466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     23099687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        47088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39259325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              503065341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254230822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20671868                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16947138                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2022435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8544871                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8081113                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2122635                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90845                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197423337                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117541831                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20671868                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10203748                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25855999                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5736177                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6543973                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12160955                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2008363                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    233505568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      207649569     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2802508      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3232255      1.38%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1780722      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2068730      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1126342      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         766918      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        2005858      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12072666      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    233505568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081311                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.462343                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195828724                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      8168593                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25651126                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       193818                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3663301                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3360052                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18958                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143510214                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        94663                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3663301                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196131125                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2713107                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      4598415                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25555304                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       844310                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143424204                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       220150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       394474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199315521                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    667872545                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    667872545                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291697                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29023797                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20998                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2263670                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13688088                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7465473                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197067                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1658699                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143213090                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37673                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135366322                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186328                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17851814                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41288758                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4224                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233505568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176473391     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22931105      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12326297      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8534784      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7460828      3.20%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3825449      1.64%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       913932      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       594134      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       445648      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233505568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34206     11.70%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       126723     43.35%     55.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131389     44.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113306003     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119059      1.57%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12512404      9.24%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7412272      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135366322                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.532454                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            292318                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504716855                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161103830                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133132809                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135658640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       343896                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2404406                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          857                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1257                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       164802                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8290                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3663301                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2222532                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       142178                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143250880                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57430                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13688088                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7465473                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20967                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99799                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1257                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171631                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1135949                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2307580                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133381172                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11751471                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1985147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19161895                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18663505                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7410424                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.524646                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133134548                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133132809                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79128778                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207278477                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.523669                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381751                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000004                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687897                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20564160                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33449                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2034168                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229842267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179735275     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23234290     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9735380      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5848893      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4052879      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2616491      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1358392      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1093491      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2167176      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229842267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584353                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283682                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607969                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496074                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2167176                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          370926472                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290167502                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3023899                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              20725254                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687897                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.542308                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.542308                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.393343                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.393343                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      601675314                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184771724                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     133923636                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33418                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254230822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19780769                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17848621                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1035418                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7447449                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7074908                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1093916                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45890                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209701354                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            124434122                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19780769                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      8168824                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24606843                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       3250261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      5068437                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12035337                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1040620                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    241565632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      216958789     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         877519      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1797423      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         755006      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        4091630      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3639232      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         707712      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1475632      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11262689      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    241565632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077806                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.489453                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      208525433                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      6257092                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24516843                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        77769                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      2188490                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1736838                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          508                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    145909073                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2807                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      2188490                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      208737466                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       4521847                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1072019                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24397374                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       648429                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    145833790                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       276575                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       235234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3716                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    171208293                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    686902927                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    686902927                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    151976929                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       19231350                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        16928                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8544                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1637757                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     34417524                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     17413454                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       159085                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       843721                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        145553512                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16980                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       139990806                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73210                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11147877                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26707958                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           82                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241565632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191842186     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14875735      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12223638      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5283420      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6696020      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6488730      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3683540      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290339      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       182024      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241565632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354336     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2762526     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79983      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87807586     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1223025      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8384      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33576584     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17375227     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    139990806                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.550645                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3196845                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524817299                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156721934                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138797416                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    143187651                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       251243                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1312995                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          556                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3573                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104079                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12397                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      2188490                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       4154237                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185623                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145570578                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34417524                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17413454                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8544                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126698                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           81                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3573                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       603753                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       610519                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1214272                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139012673                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33462083                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       978133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           50835926                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18214340                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         17373843                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.546797                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            138801854                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           138797416                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        74953360                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       147642147                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.545950                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507669                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112804590                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    132564127                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13020753                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16898                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1058172                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239377142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191323856     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17522176      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8225934      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8135948      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2211129      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9465947      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       707010      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       515208      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1269934      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239377142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    112804590                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    132564127                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             50413896                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            33104526                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8436                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17505617                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       117881585                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1284044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1269934                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          383691750                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         293358461                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4598468                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              12665190                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         112804590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           132564127                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    112804590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.253728                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.253728                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.443709                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.443709                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      687262632                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     161172180                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     173778241                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16872                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254230822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       23028541                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19174910                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2091557                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8837508                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8429416                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2477811                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97177                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200373286                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            126323614                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          23028541                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10907227                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            26333059                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5817482                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      6872134                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12440916                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1999245                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    237285401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      210952342     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1615052      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2041646      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3243009      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1355167      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1746653      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        2035522      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         930655      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       13365355      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    237285401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090581                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.496886                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      199193302                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      8165475                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        26207824                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        12421                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3706377                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3503823                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          545                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    154396406                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2661                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3706377                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      199395847                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        646597                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      6954644                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        26017806                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       564123                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    153442682                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        81264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       393607                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    214334232                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    713566675                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    713566675                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    179447465                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       34886749                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        37321                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19525                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1983483                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     14354766                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7513563                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84634                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1696732                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        149821591                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37457                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       143775059                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142927                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18103810                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36784370                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1558                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237285401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176364372     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27785521     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11363110      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6363113      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8626973      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2654327      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2612184      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1405060      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110741      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237285401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        991203     79.12%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133419     10.65%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128217     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121126815     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1965770      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17796      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13173869      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7490809      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    143775059                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.565530                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1252839                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008714                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526231284                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    167963540                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140039156                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    145027898                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107032                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2691435                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          686                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102070                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           84                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3706377                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        491606                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62173                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149859051                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117357                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14354766                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7513563                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19525                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54342                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           63                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          686                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1239001                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1174627                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2413628                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141274868                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12960970                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2500190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           20451111                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       19981016                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7490141                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.555695                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            140039629                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           140039156                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        83905684                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       225373017                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.550835                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372297                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104398906                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    128643995                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21215718                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35899                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2109479                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233579024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179134949     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27590680     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10016039      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4993625      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4563968      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1918404      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1897347      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       903708      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2560304      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233579024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    104398906                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    128643995                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             19074824                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11663331                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             17908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         18646843                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       115821334                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2656512                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2560304                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          380877705                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         303425835                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3036440                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              16945421                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         104398906                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           128643995                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    104398906                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.435187                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.435187                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.410646                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.410646                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      635693629                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     195690815                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     142812648                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        35870                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254230822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       23033203                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19177375                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2090761                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8796402                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8430286                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2478307                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97025                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200370708                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            126333886                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          23033203                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10908593                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            26338081                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5821613                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      6837283                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12440533                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1998430                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    237257910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      210919829     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1616028      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2040705      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3238077      1.36%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1357985      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1749533      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        2035356      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         931717      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       13368680      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    237257910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090600                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.496926                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      199193133                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      8128608                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        26212565                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        12327                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3711275                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3506188                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          563                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    154437399                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2327                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3711275                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      199395272                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        647257                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      6917902                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        26022797                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       563400                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    153484432                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        80854                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       393437                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    214365726                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    713758024                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    713758024                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    179459667                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       34906059                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        37189                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19392                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1982338                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     14376928                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7517338                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84549                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1702045                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        149867506                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       143797998                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142124                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18127811                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36907159                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1425                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237257910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176326296     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27787796     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11366441      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6368255      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8626487      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2655908      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2610317      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1406115      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110295      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237257910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        989051     78.96%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       135331     10.80%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128193     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121144965     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1965601      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17797      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13175187      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7494448      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    143797998                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.565620                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1252575                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008711                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526248605                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168033323                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140062287                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    145050573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106591                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2712831                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          680                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105370                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          101                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3711275                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        492978                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61913                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149904842                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117650                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14376928                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7517338                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19392                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54022                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          680                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1236860                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1176766                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2413626                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141298640                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12962029                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2499358                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           20455823                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19985840                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7493794                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.555789                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            140062736                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           140062287                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        83922884                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       225434091                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.550926                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372272                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104405989                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    128652657                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21252785                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35903                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2108664                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233546635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371342                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179097857     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27595156     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10016373      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4992323      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4565777      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1915566      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1898976      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       903864      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2560743      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233546635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    104405989                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    128652657                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             19076065                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11664097                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17910                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18648088                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       115829127                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2656682                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2560743                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          380890606                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         303522181                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3037427                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              16972912                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         104405989                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           128652657                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    104405989                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.435021                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.435021                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.410674                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.410674                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      635779715                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     195714753                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     142826783                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        35874                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254230822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       23028155                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19173398                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2092231                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8860576                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8429901                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2477902                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97318                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200396139                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            126318667                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          23028155                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10907803                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            26333289                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5819922                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      6840088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12442798                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1999994                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    237278240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      210944951     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1615645      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2039161      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3242426      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1356396      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1747571      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        2035792      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         932867      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       13363431      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    237278240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090580                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.496866                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      199216870                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      8132673                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        26208030                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        12471                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3708194                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3504839                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          532                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    154402823                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2292                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3708194                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      199418750                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        646230                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      6923362                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        26018658                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       563039                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    153450707                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        81342                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       392788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    214335251                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    713603166                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    713603166                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    179451243                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       34883991                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        37441                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19644                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1979293                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     14363750                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7514657                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83706                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1698492                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        149835664                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37578                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       143780974                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143929                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18106196                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36820598                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1675                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237278240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176352353     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27787636     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11364603      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6365837      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8626513      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2653636      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2611941      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1405025      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110696      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237278240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        991572     79.06%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       134400     10.72%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128184     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121132721     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1965828      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17797      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13172749      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7491879      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    143780974                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.565553                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1254156                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008723                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526238273                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    167980131                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140048282                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    145035130                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106451                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2700185                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          695                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103006                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            8                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3708194                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        491955                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62020                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149873250                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117099                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14363750                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7514657                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19642                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54085                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           65                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          695                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1239326                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1174846                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2414172                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141282702                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12959809                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2498272                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           20451077                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19983393                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7491268                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.555726                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            140048703                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           140048282                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        83911776                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       225401236                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.550871                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372277                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104401133                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    128646681                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21227171                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35903                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2110164                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233570046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179123259     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27594125     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10017199      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4991800      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4563415      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1917662      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1897954      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       903992      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2560640      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233570046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    104401133                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    128646681                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             19075206                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11663559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17910                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18647223                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       115823774                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2656571                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2560640                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          380882530                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         303455935                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3038562                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              16952582                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         104401133                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           128646681                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    104401133                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.435135                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.435135                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.410655                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.410655                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      635719701                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     195698449                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     142808866                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        35874                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254230822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19312390                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17232890                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1535255                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12753631                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12577752                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1159150                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46281                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203863020                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            109664044                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19312390                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     13736902                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24437714                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5043423                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      3091444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12331710                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1507123                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    234891675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.766021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      210453961     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3721305      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1880592      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3674812      1.56%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1183631      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3401563      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         538178      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         879046      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        9158587      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    234891675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075964                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.431356                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      201363145                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5637818                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24390143                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19157                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3481411                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1836430                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18087                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    122707368                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        34219                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3481411                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      201641927                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       3397392                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1386447                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24132784                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       851708                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    122531813                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        94198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       684597                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    160610798                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    555349866                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    555349866                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    130251032                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       30359756                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        16467                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8329                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1841013                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     22051948                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3598894                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23329                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       822481                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        121893326                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16525                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       114142310                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74084                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21993571                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45003897                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          111                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234891675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184819521     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15829722      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16693370      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9728844      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5010685      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1254518      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1490665      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34804      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29546      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234891675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191907     57.33%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78210     23.37%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64605     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89537282     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       896713      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8140      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20131565     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3568610      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    114142310                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.448971                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334722                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463585101                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143903721                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111251938                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    114477032                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89038                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4480899                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           93                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          304                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        88139                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3481411                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2291325                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104770                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121909938                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22051948                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3598894                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8326                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40936                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2354                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          304                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1034025                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       595036                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1629061                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112693597                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19845508                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1448713                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           23413951                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17129221                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3568443                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.443273                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            111276466                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           111251938                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        67305257                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       146735158                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.437602                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.458685                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88589257                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     99763328                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22151536                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16414                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1525594                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231410264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194254084     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14607279      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9375384      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2951622      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4895937      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       956729      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607538      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555734      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3205957      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231410264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     88589257                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     99763328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             21081801                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            17571046                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8190                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15304369                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        87191999                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1249694                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3205957                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          350118846                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         247313907                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4525050                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              19339147                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          88589257                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            99763328                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     88589257                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.869770                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.869770                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.348460                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.348460                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      523763063                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     144982718                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     130267638                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        16398                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254230821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       20585790                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16835017                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2012947                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8658489                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8136953                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2119621                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89312                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199967776                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            116771339                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          20585790                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10256574                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24485803                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5829978                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3495764                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12295530                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2028554                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    231722238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      207236435     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1330590      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2103138      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3343057      1.44%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1380072      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1549994      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1645238      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1075959      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       12057755      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    231722238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.080973                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.459312                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      198125980                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5352298                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24409207                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        62318                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3772434                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3375538                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          463                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    142612681                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         3006                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3772434                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      198430733                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1727417                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2747899                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24172321                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       871421                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    142529827                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        27365                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       245548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       328515                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39967                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    197889411                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    663024729                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    663024729                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    169116135                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       28773276                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        36392                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20037                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2628544                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     13592719                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7299889                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220376                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1655751                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        142331078                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36493                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       134800013                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       165742                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17934796                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39720365                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3514                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231722238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174873874     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22819623      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12487923      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8500877      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7944871      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2287129      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1785573      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       605598      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       416770      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231722238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31463     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        98126     38.91%     51.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122629     48.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    112928730     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2127314      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16352      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12462264      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7265353      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    134800013                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530227                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252218                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501740224                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160303867                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132627441                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    135052231                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       406285                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2430952                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          317                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1526                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       204287                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8395                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3772434                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1154616                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121676                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142367707                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57627                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13592719                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7299889                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20021                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89748                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           31                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1526                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1179355                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1144744                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2324099                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132876322                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11721004                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1923691                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18984755                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18699514                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7263751                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522660                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            132628467                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           132627441                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        77549379                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       202590160                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521681                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382789                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99337854                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    121762831                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20605108                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32979                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2055598                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227949804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178514869     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23941158     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9321287      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5020637      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3761972      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2100716      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1294834      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1157932      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2836399      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227949804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     99337854                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    121762831                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             18257369                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11161767                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             16454                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17478486                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       109717459                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2473576                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2836399                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          367480681                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         288508496                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3227348                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              22508583                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          99337854                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           121762831                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     99337854                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.559254                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.559254                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390739                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390739                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      599231346                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     183852359                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     133010838                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        32948                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254230822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19770243                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17840728                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1035550                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7501031                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7071837                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1093947                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45855                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209611987                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            124382150                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19770243                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      8165784                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24594969                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       3250891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      5063668                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12030501                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1040812                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    241460158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      216865189     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         877959      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1793933      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         754127      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        4091423      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3635536      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         706080      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1476332      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11259579      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    241460158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077765                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.489249                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      208436416                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      6252000                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24504938                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        77774                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      2189025                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1734306                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          509                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    145850442                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2821                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      2189025                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      208648109                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       4521007                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1068406                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24385717                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       647887                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    145775242                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       276844                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       234897                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3354                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    171141243                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    686638873                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    686638873                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    151905424                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       19235813                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        16919                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8538                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1635467                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     34403241                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     17404837                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158897                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       841326                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        145493759                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16971                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       139926708                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73195                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11160194                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26732154                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241460158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191762235     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14868052      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12215174      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5280270      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6692869      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6487092      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3682372      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290422      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       181672      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241460158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354782     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2761247     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79972      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87768272     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1222495      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8380      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33560611     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17366950     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    139926708                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.550392                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3196001                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524582770                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156674490                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138733637                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    143122709                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       251322                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1314102                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          546                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3573                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103518                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12395                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      2189025                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       4153467                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185067                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145510821                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1256                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34403241                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17404837                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8539                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126219                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           86                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3573                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       604454                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       610159                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1214613                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138948706                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33446326                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       978002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           50811888                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18203345                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         17365562                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.546545                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            138738084                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           138733637                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        74919529                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       147596936                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.545700                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507595                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112751722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    132501945                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13022984                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16890                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1058281                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239271133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191242669     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17511706      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8223022      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8130073      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2210758      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9461593      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       706419      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       514679      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1270214      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239271133                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    112751722                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    132501945                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             50390450                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            33089136                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              8432                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17497405                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       117826270                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1283434                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1270214                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          383525510                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         293239091                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4596251                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              12770664                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         112751722                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           132501945                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    112751722                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.254784                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.254784                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.443501                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.443501                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      686953049                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     161099735                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     173703040                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        16864                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254230822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20586274                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16836043                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2012104                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8668614                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8139526                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2119618                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89622                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199975601                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            116762139                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20586274                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10259144                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24485939                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5825992                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      3495332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12295327                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2027773                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    231726641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      207240702     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1331238      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2103846      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3341389      1.44%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1382870      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1550483      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1643926      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1077183      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12055004      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    231726641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.080975                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.459276                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      198133540                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      5352143                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24409531                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        62118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3769308                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3374918                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          463                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    142602249                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2982                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3769308                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      198437646                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1719215                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2755196                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24173282                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       871981                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    142519857                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        27686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       244599                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       327846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42878                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    197870666                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    662980554                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    662980554                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    169136753                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       28733913                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        36309                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19954                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2623032                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13592072                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7301874                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220168                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1654945                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        142320881                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36419                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       134800071                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       165750                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17911861                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39672122                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3436                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231726641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174875505     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22821600      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12488683      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8502210      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7944044      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2287236      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1785976      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       604833      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       416554      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231726641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31396     12.45%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        98099     38.89%     51.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122748     48.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    112925540     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2127643      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16354      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12464006      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7266528      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    134800071                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530227                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            252243                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501744776                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160270655                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132629619                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    135052314                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       405275                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2428949                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          369                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1523                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       205416                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8453                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3769308                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1146975                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120915                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    142357439                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58359                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13592072                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7301874                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19946                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88909                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1523                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180537                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1143005                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2323542                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132878872                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11723137                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1921199                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18987806                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18700492                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7264669                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.522670                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            132630687                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           132629619                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        77549544                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       202580835                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.521690                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382808                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99349933                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    121777627                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20580047                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32983                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2054741                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227957333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178514880     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23943400     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9324739      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5021414      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3762736      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2101805      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1293544      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1159246      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2835569      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227957333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     99349933                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    121777627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18259581                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11163123                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             16456                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17480611                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       109730790                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2473876                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2835569                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          367478775                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         288484853                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3227276                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              22504181                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          99349933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           121777627                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     99349933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.558943                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.558943                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390786                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390786                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      599246187                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     183853604                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     133004064                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        32952                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254230822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       23044655                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19183747                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2091850                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8794375                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8430256                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2479677                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97192                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200402135                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            126404510                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          23044655                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10909933                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            26347393                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5827760                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      6874594                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12444833                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1999686                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    237341020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      210993627     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1616298      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2032829      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3240405      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1358642      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1751040      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        2037246      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         937688      0.40%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       13373245      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    237341020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090645                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.497204                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      199222781                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      8167484                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        26222006                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        12409                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3716338                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3511187                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          561                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    154529694                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2725                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3716338                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      199424761                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        647143                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      6956479                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        26032567                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       563725                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    153578069                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        81345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       393178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    214470734                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    714180633                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    714180633                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    179472210                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       34998519                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        37133                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19334                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1983258                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     14386656                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7524324                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84495                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1710658                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        149949442                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37271                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       143858854                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       145569                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18175191                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37030469                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1364                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237341020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176388720     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27795759     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11368850      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6369532      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8628619      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2661143      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2612836      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1404896      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110665      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237341020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        990963     78.96%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       135774     10.82%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128217     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121191524     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1965811      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17799      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13182353      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7501367      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    143858854                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.565859                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1254954                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008724                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526459251                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168162591                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140115460                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    145113808                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106556                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2721721                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           31                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          690                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       111804                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           72                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3716338                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        492721                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61667                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149986720                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117294                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14386656                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7524324                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19334                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53799                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           55                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          690                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1235856                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1178216                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2414072                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141354103                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12965028                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2504751                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           20465808                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19991668                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7500780                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.556007                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            140115881                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           140115460                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        83942684                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       225529961                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.551135                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372202                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104413363                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    128661743                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21325576                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35907                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2109758                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233624682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179171819     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27597394     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10018312      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4991296      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4565882      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1915647      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1899111      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904360      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2560861      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233624682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    104413363                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    128661743                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             19077452                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11664932                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             17912                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         18649406                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       115837328                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2656877                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2560861                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          381050412                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         303691001                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3037363                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              16889802                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         104413363                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           128661743                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    104413363                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.434849                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.434849                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.410703                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.410703                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      636021117                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     195769585                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     142904907                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        35878                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254230822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       20963870                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17153322                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2044501                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8612453                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8246694                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2166153                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93236                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201761252                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            117253881                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          20963870                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10412847                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24472677                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5590900                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      4818012                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12342815                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2046477                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    234571710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      210099033     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1144268      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1814219      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2452127      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2521924      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2135484      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1196310      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1771837      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11436508      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    234571710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082460                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461210                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      199706876                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      6889837                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24428731                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        26869                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3519395                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3450793                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    143858285                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1968                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3519395                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      200256734                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1423966                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      4209930                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23912653                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1249030                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    143806923                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       170686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       544535                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    200670236                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    669020798                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    669020798                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    173966174                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       26704049                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        35690                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18589                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3737754                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     13448644                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7295698                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        86132                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1733314                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        143629746                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35818                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       136387135                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18684                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15894230                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38058607                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1329                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234571710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176862092     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23732116     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12014107      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9070454      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7129066      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2879722      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1814647      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       943361      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       126145      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234571710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26261     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82990     36.72%     48.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116737     51.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    114704291     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2038347      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17099      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12354667      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7272731      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    136387135                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.536470                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            225988                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    507590652                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159560350                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134346131                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    136613123                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       280190                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2147129                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          136                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          558                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106084                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3519395                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1139605                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121827                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143665708                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57130                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13448644                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7295698                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18591                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103170                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          558                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1189258                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1148979                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2338237                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134510577                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11628070                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1876558                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           18900513                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19112876                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7272443                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.529088                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            134346384                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           134346131                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        77122257                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       207805568                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528442                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371127                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    101410955                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    124785050                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18880684                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2070376                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231052315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179868828     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25370118     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9580145      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4570358      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3849540      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2208730      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1931272      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       872466      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2800858      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231052315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    101410955                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    124785050                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             18491129                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11301515                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             17206                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17994274                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       112429759                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2569588                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2800858                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          371916489                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         290850927                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3055049                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              19659112                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         101410955                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           124785050                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    101410955                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.506936                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.506936                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398893                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398893                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      605411121                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     187136647                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     133378143                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        34458                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254230822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19318148                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17242187                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1534398                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12766079                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12585085                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1158965                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46173                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203904865                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            109708743                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19318148                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13744050                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24452873                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5041340                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      3100379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12334043                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1506264                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    234956404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      210503531     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3724091      1.59%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1884774      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3681002      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1183183      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3404302      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         538653      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         874671      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        9162197      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    234956404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075987                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.431532                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      201412408                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      5639381                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24404898                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        19527                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3480189                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1832778                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        18098                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    122750073                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        34242                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3480189                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      201690727                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       3403029                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1383695                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24148149                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       850609                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    122574461                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        95148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       682447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    160679909                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    555550284                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    555550284                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    130313535                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       30366348                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16480                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8340                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1841993                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     22062401                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3599557                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23019                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       821608                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        121937659                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16538                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       114182225                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73953                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21988576                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45019560                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          119                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234956404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184866953     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15829032      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16707232      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9733811      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5008585      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1255671      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1490827      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34705      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29588      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234956404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191644     57.31%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78157     23.37%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64626     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89564247     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       896987      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8142      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20143110     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3569739      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    114182225                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.449128                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334427                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463729231                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143943069                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111292651                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    114516652                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90674                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4479268                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          301                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        87786                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3480189                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2300816                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104636                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121954281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10430                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22062401                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3599557                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8336                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40925                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2370                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          301                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1033657                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594766                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1628423                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112734766                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19857403                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1447456                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           23426990                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17135880                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3569587                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.443435                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            111317005                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           111292651                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        67335857                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       146775979                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.437762                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458766                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88636882                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     99813861                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22145324                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16419                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1524720                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231476215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194302910     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14612458      6.31%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9381284      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2953837      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4898194      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       955213      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607480      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555109      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3209730      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231476215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     88636882                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     99813861                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             21094897                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            17583126                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15312475                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        87235253                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1250076                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3209730                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          350225345                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         247401286                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4526255                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              19274418                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          88636882                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            99813861                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     88636882                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.868228                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.868228                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.348647                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.348647                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      523967290                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     145036376                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     130324454                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16404                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254230822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19767245                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17837708                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1036712                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7447797                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7067687                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1093658                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45888                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209555092                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            124352560                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19767245                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      8161345                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24588818                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       3253787                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      5050998                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12028375                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1041552                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    241386141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      216797323     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         875782      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1797735      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         754108      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        4087789      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3636622      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         704377      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1475093      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11257312      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    241386141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077753                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.489133                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      208374701                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      6244246                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24498715                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        77752                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      2190722                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1733938                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          511                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    145808870                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2810                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      2190722                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      208589318                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       4501188                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1074642                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24376454                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       653810                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    145731753                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       276940                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       237808                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3828                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    171104955                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    686422401                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    686422401                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    151850161                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       19254788                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        17390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9009                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1653641                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     34388740                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores     17397972                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       159003                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       840441                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        145451104                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17442                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       139884582                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72531                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11155549                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26719365                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          555                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241386141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191705915     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14861651      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12212070      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5275113      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6692938      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6482665      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3683966      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290005      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       181818      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241386141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354738     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2760152     86.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79961      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87748048     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1222103      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8378      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33546918     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17359135     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    139884582                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.550227                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3194851                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524422687                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156627676                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138692003                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    143079433                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       251646                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1313122                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          576                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3586                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103632                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12400                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      2190722                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       4133420                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       184722                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145468623                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1389                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34388740                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17397972                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9011                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       125989                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           82                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3586                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       604312                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       611531                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1215843                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138906813                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33433669                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       977769                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           50791434                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18198559                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores         17357765                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.546381                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            138696460                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           138692003                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        74899154                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       147544898                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.545536                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507636                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112709218                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    132452278                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13030760                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16887                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1059452                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239195419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191183247     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17507454      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8218546      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8128597      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2208731      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9458642      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       706566      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       514677      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1268959      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239195419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    112709218                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    132452278                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             50369954                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            33075614                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              8430                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17490912                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       117782188                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1283022                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1268959                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          383409160                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         293157000                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4596778                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              12844681                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         112709218                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           132452278                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    112709218                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.255635                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.255635                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.443334                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.443334                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      686738724                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     161061956                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     173653685                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        16862                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254230822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       23036878                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19180270                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2092493                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8818254                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8432129                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2479588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97441                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200449623                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            126367112                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          23036878                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10911717                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            26342324                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5819484                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      6861307                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12445780                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2000092                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    237361240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      211018916     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1616581      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2040653      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3243521      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1355496      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1748471      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        2037727      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         931764      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       13368111      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    237361240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090614                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.497057                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      199267820                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      8156587                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        26217046                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        12358                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3707427                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3506650                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          559                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    154450152                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2706                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3707427                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      199470054                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        646859                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      6945139                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        26027469                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       564285                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    153498438                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        81258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       393717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    214403352                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    713825308                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    713825308                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    179513902                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       34889450                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        37321                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19518                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1982552                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     14359732                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7518181                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83710                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1702635                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        149877700                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       143840010                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142628                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18102084                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36756750                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1541                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237361240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176411607     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27799026     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11368931      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6366892      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8629978      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2653979      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2613868      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1406241      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110718      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237361240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        990911     79.10%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133505     10.66%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128273     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121180468     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1966578      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17803      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13180171      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7494990      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    143840010                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.565785                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1252689                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008709                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    526436577                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168017922                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140099941                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    145092699                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106127                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2692081                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          684                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103941                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           20                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3707427                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        492965                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62116                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149915160                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117254                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14359732                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7518181                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19518                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54233                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           67                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          684                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1238977                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1175397                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2414374                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    141337424                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12966927                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2502586                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           20461302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19990069                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7494375                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.555941                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            140100357                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           140099941                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        83942109                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       225471042                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.551074                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372297                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104437599                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    128691618                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21224081                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35915                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2110436                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    233653813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179186716     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27604888     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10018210      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4997183      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4564666      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1919259      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1897439      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904448      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2561004      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    233653813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    104437599                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    128691618                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             19081891                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11667651                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             17916                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18653737                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       115864220                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2657491                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2561004                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          381007780                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         303538855                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3036686                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              16869582                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         104437599                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           128691618                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    104437599                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.434284                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.434284                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.410798                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.410798                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      635968411                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     195770425                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     142863521                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        35886                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254230822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19325950                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17246316                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1534930                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12765012                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12589560                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1159637                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46121                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    203977850                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            109735241                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19325950                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     13749197                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24454921                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5041805                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3090861                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12338114                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1506898                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    235021831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      210566910     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3724881      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1880614      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3678587      1.57%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1185466      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3405697      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         539307      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         878304      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        9162065      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    235021831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.076017                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.431636                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      201485470                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5629821                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24406981                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19464                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3480094                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1836360                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18105                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    122779570                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        34251                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3480094                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      201763456                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       3403724                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1374557                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24150451                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       849543                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    122605149                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        95187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       681410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    160705592                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    555672799                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    555672799                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    130355549                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       30349930                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        16477                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8334                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1838669                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     22065613                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3600897                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22500                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       820344                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        121965886                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16535                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       114217592                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74188                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21983401                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44980734                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          110                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    235021831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184917882     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15832552      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16711458      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9738915      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5009279      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1255930      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1491662      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34583      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        29570      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    235021831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191929     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78273     23.36%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64900     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89592829     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       896977      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8145      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20148546     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3571095      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    114217592                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.449267                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            335102                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    463866305                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143966123                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111329751                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    114552694                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        91398                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4476185                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          311                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        88156                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3480094                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2303188                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104698                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    121982509                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4943                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22065613                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3600897                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8331                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41024                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2326                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          311                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1034396                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       594316                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1628712                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112770798                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19863429                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1446794                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           23434342                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17142400                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3570913                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.443576                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            111354185                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           111329751                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        67351556                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       146812096                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.437908                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458760                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88666380                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     99846393                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22140942                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1525262                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    231541737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    194358837     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14613509      6.31%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9385089      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2955032      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4900198      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       955668      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       606973      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       554808      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3211623      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    231541737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     88666380                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     99846393                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             21102161                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            17589423                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              8196                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15317482                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        87263503                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1250407                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3211623                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          350317124                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         247457562                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4527400                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19208991                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          88666380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            99846393                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     88666380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.867274                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.867274                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.348763                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.348763                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      524138426                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     145080537                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     130359036                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        16408                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254230822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19774063                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17843869                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1036696                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7422751                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7068224                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1092913                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45873                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209589373                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            124402597                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19774063                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      8161137                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24598535                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       3258297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      5062394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12030840                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1041984                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    241446087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      216847552     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         877084      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1795680      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         754069      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        4089604      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3637086      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         704463      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1476946      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11263603      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    241446087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077780                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.489329                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      208411351                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      6253316                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        24508207                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        77930                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      2195278                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1735057                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          507                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    145880338                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2798                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      2195278                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      208624418                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       4515491                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1071799                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        24387688                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       651406                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    145804250                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       276909                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       236260                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4182                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    171187716                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    686762967                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    686762967                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    151877807                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       19309909                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        16912                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8530                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1647336                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     34403118                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores     17401835                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       158201                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       841541                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        145519600                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16965                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       139924532                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73114                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11197990                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26864618                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           75                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241446087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191755148     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14859447      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12214289      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5280425      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6696467      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6486678      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3681371      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290348      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       181914      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241446087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354152     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2762196     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79920      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     87776119     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1222870      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8379      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33553208     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17363956     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    139924532                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.550384                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3196268                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    524564533                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156738099                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138729086                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    143120800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       251455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1320199                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          552                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3550                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103742                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12385                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      2195278                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       4147437                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       185097                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    145536653                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1311                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34403118                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17401835                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8533                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       126295                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           82                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3550                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       603075                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       613145                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1216220                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138943866                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33439290                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       980666                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           50801881                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18202868                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores         17362591                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.546526                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            138733454                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           138729086                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        74926135                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       147622559                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.545682                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.507552                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112731088                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    132477632                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13073524                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16890                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1059442                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    239250809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377501                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191231440     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17509824      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8219040      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8128679      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2210565      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9459376      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       707756      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       515017      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1269112      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    239250809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    112731088                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    132477632                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             50381012                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            33082919                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              8432                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17494154                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       117804675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1283192                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1269112                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          383532515                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         293297791                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4596810                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              12784735                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         112731088                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           132477632                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    112731088                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.255197                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.255197                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.443420                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.443420                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      686905413                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     161102437                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     173713951                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        16864                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         335736                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.526699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2103508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         368501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.708283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           197.250103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.500246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1711.523411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.004169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  2564.104104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.626620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   956.865282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.866130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   988.925084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.619647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   960.760146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.461427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1583.819536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.954058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2124.717748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.539543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  2566.671728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.867938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  2120.321295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.282734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   936.579041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.979325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1214.800744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.591734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1558.763875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.992595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  2592.130937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.819854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   958.887632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.756724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1572.374404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.974856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  2583.004830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           349.257211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           432.445127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           284.074726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           270.824038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           288.337341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           335.690074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           389.974469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           390.952907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           387.185341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           308.684823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           303.403718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           362.338357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           364.846136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           308.814214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           371.769812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           377.590906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.052232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.078250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.029201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.030180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.029320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.048334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.064841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.078329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.064707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.028582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.037073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.047570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.079106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.029263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.047985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.078827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.010658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.013197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.008669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.008265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.008799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.010244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.011901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.011931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.011816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.009420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.009259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.011058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.011134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.009424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.011346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.011523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        49768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        25478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        25535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        25548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        49287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        43219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        25674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        26984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        48981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        25862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        49115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  582468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           165025                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                165025                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          212                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          215                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2139                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        49845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        25690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        25748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        25758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        49364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        43353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        25886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        49053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        26077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        49191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   584607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36554                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        49845                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        25690                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        25748                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        25758                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35591                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        43307                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        49364                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        43353                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        25886                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27135                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35889                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        49053                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        26077                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36144                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        49191                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  584607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                335599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 335628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19535                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11196                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11141                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11110                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19633                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32385                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10978                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14334                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19363                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32631                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10842                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32516                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                335628                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5217459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3216821228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6642808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5201194866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5213692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1837604768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6062028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1829907450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5903572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1822102976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5238553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3194163511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5857041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4784410191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6518198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5272016217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5702693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4786627844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5241239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1801360586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6213510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2341094341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5176423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3141705156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6282094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5311722973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6259425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1778499385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5549930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3106628669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6034286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5291921478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54810894590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       458631                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       143020                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       658108                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       150800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1129101                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1045579                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       721299                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       315152                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       4621690                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5217459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3217279859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6642808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5201337886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5213692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1837604768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6062028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1829907450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5903572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1822102976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5238553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3194821619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5857041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4784410191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6518198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5272167017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5702693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4786627844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5241239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1801360586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6213510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2341094341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5176423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3142834257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6282094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5312768552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6259425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1778499385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5549930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3107349968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6034286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5292236630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      54815516280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5217459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3217279859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6642808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5201337886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5213692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1837604768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6062028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1829907450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5903572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1822102976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5238553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3194821619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5857041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4784410191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6518198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5272167017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5702693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4786627844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5241239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1801360586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6213510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2341094341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5176423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3142834257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6282094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5312768552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6259425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1778499385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5549930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3107349968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6034286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5292236630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     54815516280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        55930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        81733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        36658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        72308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        81671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        81606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              918067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       165025                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            165025                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          212                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        81811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        36868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        72443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        81749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        81684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               920235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        81811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        36868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        72443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        81749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        41469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        81684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              920235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.391091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.305284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.303768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.303072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.402943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.396518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.402615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.299520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.350773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.399787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.295390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.398314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.365550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.055556                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.098592                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.076923                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.069444                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.025641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.013376                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.303530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.302014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.301345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.402192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.396152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.401871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.297797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.350449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.399478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.397959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.364720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.303530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.302014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.301345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.402192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.396152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.401871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.297797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.350449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.399478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.397959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.364720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 144929.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164694.922589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154483.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162715.309432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148962.628571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164130.472312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159527.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164249.838435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155357.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164005.668407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154075.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162726.756890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154132.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164209.575474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158980.439024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162796.943460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150070.868421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164330.810354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158825.424242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164088.229732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151549.024390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163324.566834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152247.735294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162311.694358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157052.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162811.432123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164721.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164037.943645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154164.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162421.115125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154725.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162758.241927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163322.580192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       152877                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       143020                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       164527                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       150800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 161300.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 174263.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 144259.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       157576                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159368.620690                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 144929.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164693.107704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154483.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162714.693299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148962.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164130.472312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159527.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164249.838435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155357.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164005.668407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154075.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162727.123669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154132.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164209.575474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158980.439024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162796.573012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150070.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164330.810354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158825.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164088.229732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151549.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163324.566834                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152247.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162311.328668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157052.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162813.537801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164721.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164037.943645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154164.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162416.368806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154725.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162757.923176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163322.238550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 144929.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164693.107704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154483.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162714.693299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 148962.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164130.472312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159527.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164249.838435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155357.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164005.668407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154075.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162727.123669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154132.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164209.575474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158980.439024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162796.573012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150070.868421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 164330.810354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158825.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164088.229732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151549.024390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163324.566834                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152247.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162311.328668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157052.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162813.537801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164721.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164037.943645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154164.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162416.368806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154725.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 162757.923176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163322.238550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                81029                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     81029                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           335599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            335628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        31966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        11196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        11141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        11110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           335628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3119683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2079355791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4145495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3340587097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3176429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1185739712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3856329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1181184665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3693880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1175178357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3258873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2050794562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3645925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3087908609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4134624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3387073927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3487409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3090470292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3324912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1162176223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3827024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1506453030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3198993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2014184680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3957142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3412687005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4053226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1147204637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3454216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1992467255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3767222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3399467000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35271034224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       284176                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        84235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       425386                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        92275                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       720823                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       696768                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       429781                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       197740                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2931184                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3119683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2079639967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4145495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3340671332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3176429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1185739712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3856329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1181184665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3693880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1175178357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3258873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2051219948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3645925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3087908609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4134624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3387166202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3487409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3090470292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3324912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1162176223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3827024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1506453030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3198993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2014905503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3957142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3413383773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4053226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1147204637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3454216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1992897036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3767222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3399664740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35273965408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3119683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2079639967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4145495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3340671332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3176429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1185739712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3856329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1181184665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3693880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1175178357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3258873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2051219948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3645925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3087908609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4134624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3387166202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3487409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3090470292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3324912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1162176223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3827024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1506453030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3198993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2014905503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3957142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3413383773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4053226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1147204637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3454216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1992897036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3767222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3399664740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35273965408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.391091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.305284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.303768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.303072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.402943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.396518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.402615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.299520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.346919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.350773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.399787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.295390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.398314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.365550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.098592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.069444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.025641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.303530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.302014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.301345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.402192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.396152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.401871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.297797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.350449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.399478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.397959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.364720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.390730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.303530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.302014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.301345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.355516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.402192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.396152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.401871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.297797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.345656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.350449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.399478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.346118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.397959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.364720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 86657.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106458.928476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96406.860465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104507.652026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90755.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105907.441229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101482.342105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106021.422224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97207.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105776.629793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95849.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104477.791125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95945.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105982.585427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100844.487805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104590.968596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91773.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106099.639247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 100754.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105864.112133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93342.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105096.485977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94088.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104059.964869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98928.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104603.433103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 106663.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105811.163715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95950.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104170.400742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96595.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104553.945992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105098.746492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 94725.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        84235                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106346.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        92275                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102974.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       116128                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85956.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        98870                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101075.310345                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 86657.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106457.126542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96406.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104507.017831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90755.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105907.441229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101482.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106021.422224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97207.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105776.629793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95849.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104478.171854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95945.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105982.585427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100844.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104590.588297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91773.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106099.639247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 100754.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105864.112133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93342.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105096.485977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94088.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104059.572535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98928.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104605.552174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 106663.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105811.163715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95950.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104165.640602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96595.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104553.596383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105098.398846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 86657.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106457.126542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96406.860465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104507.017831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 90755.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105907.441229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101482.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106021.422224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97207.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105776.629793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95849.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104478.171854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95945.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105982.585427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100844.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104590.588297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91773.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106099.639247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 100754.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105864.112133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93342.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105096.485977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94088.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104059.572535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98928.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104605.552174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 106663.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105811.163715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95950.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104165.640602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96595.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 104553.596383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105098.398846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              518.126570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012169000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1950229.287091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    36.126570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.057895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12160908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12160908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12160908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12160908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12160908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12160908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6998278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6998278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6998278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6998278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6998278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6998278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12160955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12160955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12160955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12160955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12160955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12160955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148899.531915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148899.531915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148899.531915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148899.531915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148899.531915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148899.531915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5614179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5614179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5614179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5614179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5614179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5614179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151734.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151734.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151734.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151734.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151734.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151734.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                56089                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172655245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3064.251398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.855074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.144926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8575481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8575481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7261077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7261077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17718                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17718                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15836558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15836558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15836558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15836558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       190870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       194673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       194673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       194673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       194673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24873881137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24873881137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    482841106                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    482841106                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25356722243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25356722243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25356722243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25356722243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8766351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8766351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17718                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17718                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16031231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16031231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16031231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16031231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130318.442589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130318.442589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 126963.214830                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126963.214830                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130252.897130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130252.897130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130252.897130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130252.897130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           19135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       134940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       138584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       138584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       138584                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       138584                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        55930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5873960398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5873960398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10840207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10840207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5884800605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5884800605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5884800605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5884800605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105023.429251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105023.429251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 68177.402516                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68177.402516                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104918.978855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104918.978855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104918.978855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104918.978855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              582.168048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1041618061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1774477.105622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    41.093721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.074327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.065855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12035280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12035280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12035280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12035280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12035280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12035280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9874304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9874304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9874304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9874304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9874304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9874304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12035337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12035337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12035337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12035337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12035337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12035337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173233.403509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173233.403509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173233.403509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173233.403509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173233.403509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173233.403509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7906723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7906723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7906723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7906723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7906723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7906723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 179698.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179698.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 179698.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179698.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 179698.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179698.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                81811                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              450430843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                82067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              5488.574494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.908724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.091276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     31577724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31577724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17291995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17291995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8444                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8444                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8436                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8436                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     48869719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       48869719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     48869719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      48869719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       289957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       289957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       290217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       290217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       290217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       290217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34812187825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34812187825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     23193464                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23193464                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34835381289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34835381289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34835381289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34835381289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     31867681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31867681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17292255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17292255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8444                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8444                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8436                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8436                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     49159936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49159936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     49159936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49159936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120059.828957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120059.828957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 89205.630769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89205.630769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120032.187256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120032.187256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120032.187256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120032.187256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           15947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       208224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       208406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       208406                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208406                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        81733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        81811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        81811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9018239753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9018239753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5671416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5671416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9023911169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9023911169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9023911169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9023911169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110337.804228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110337.804228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 72710.461538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72710.461538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110301.929679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110301.929679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110301.929679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110301.929679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              491.414249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1014229826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2061442.735772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    36.414249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.058356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12440868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12440868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12440868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12440868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12440868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12440868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9592730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9592730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9592730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9592730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9592730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9592730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12440916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12440916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12440916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12440916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12440916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12440916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 199848.541667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 199848.541667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 199848.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 199848.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 199848.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 199848.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7607399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7607399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7607399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7607399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7607399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7607399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 205605.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205605.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 205605.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205605.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 205605.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205605.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                36886                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              164370901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                37142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4425.472538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.474077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.525923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      9923677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9923677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7373094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7373094                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19237                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19237                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17935                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17935                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17296771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       17296771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17296771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      17296771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        94608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        96772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        96772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        96772                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        96772                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10223012776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10223012776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    151003652                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    151003652                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10374016428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10374016428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  10374016428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10374016428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     10018285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10018285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7375258                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7375258                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        19237                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19237                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17935                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17935                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17393543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17393543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17393543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17393543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108056.536191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108056.536191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 69779.876155                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69779.876155                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107200.599636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107200.599636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 107200.599636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107200.599636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       214410                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        35735                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            7997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        57934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        59886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        59886                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59886                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3660632553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3660632553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     17285568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17285568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3677918121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3677918121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3677918121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3677918121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99815.470170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99815.470170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 81535.698113                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81535.698113                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99710.408312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99710.408312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99710.408312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99710.408312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              494.403102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1014229441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2048948.365657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    39.403102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.063146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12440483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12440483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12440483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12440483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12440483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12440483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10069522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10069522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10069522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10069522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10069522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10069522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12440533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12440533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12440533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12440533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12440533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12440533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 201390.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 201390.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 201390.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 201390.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 201390.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 201390.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8325210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8325210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8325210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8325210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8325210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8325210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 208130.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208130.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 208130.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208130.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 208130.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208130.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                36889                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              164372698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                37145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4425.163494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.470902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.529098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      9925132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9925132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7373561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7373561                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17937                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17937                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17298693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       17298693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17298693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      17298693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        94571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2169                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2169                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        96740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        96740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        96740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        96740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10249299646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10249299646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    150175879                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    150175879                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10399475525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10399475525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10399475525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10399475525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     10019703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10019703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7375730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7375730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17937                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17937                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17395433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17395433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17395433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17395433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108376.771378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108376.771378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 69237.380821                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69237.380821                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107499.230153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107499.230153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107499.230153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107499.230153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       250448                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 35778.285714                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8000                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8000                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        57895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        59851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        59851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3659771107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3659771107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17106239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17106239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3676877346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3676877346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3676877346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3676877346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99786.539072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99786.539072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 80310.981221                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80310.981221                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99674.085662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99674.085662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99674.085662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99674.085662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              494.115234                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1014231706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2048952.941414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    39.115234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.062685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12442748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12442748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12442748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12442748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12442748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12442748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10471873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10471873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10471873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10471873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10471873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10471873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12442798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12442798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12442798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12442798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12442798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12442798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 209437.460000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 209437.460000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 209437.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 209437.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 209437.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 209437.460000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8401084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8401084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8401084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8401084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8401084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8401084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 210027.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210027.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 210027.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210027.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 210027.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210027.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                36868                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              164370556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                37124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4427.608986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.473759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.526241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.912007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.087993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9922984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9922984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7373319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7373319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19358                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19358                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17937                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17937                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17296303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       17296303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17296303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      17296303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        94628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2091                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2091                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        96719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        96719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        96719                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        96719                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10206679482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10206679482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    142038320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    142038320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10348717802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10348717802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10348717802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10348717802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     10017612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10017612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7375410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7375410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19358                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19358                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17937                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17937                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17393022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17393022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17393022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17393022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000284                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000284                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107861.092721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107861.092721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 67928.417025                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67928.417025                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106997.775018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106997.775018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106997.775018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106997.775018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        13176                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         3294                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            7998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        57970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        59851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        59851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3649247782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3649247782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16458552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16458552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3665706334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3665706334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3665706334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3665706334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99548.469147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99548.469147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 78374.057143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78374.057143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99427.859770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99427.859770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99427.859770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99427.859770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              558.624069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              931028850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1656634.964413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.473410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.150660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.053643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12331667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12331667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12331667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12331667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12331667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12331667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6931664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6931664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6931664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6931664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6931664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6931664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12331710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12331710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12331710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12331710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12331710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12331710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161201.488372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161201.488372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161201.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161201.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161201.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161201.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5795485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5795485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5795485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5795485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5795485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5795485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165585.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165585.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165585.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165585.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165585.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165585.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                55224                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              224702285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                55480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4050.149333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   202.951076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    53.048924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.792778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.207222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     18122443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18122443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3493837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3493837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8252                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8252                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8199                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8199                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21616280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       21616280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     21616280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      21616280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       191618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       191960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       191960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       191960                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       191960                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21920837896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21920837896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     31824422                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31824422                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21952662318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21952662318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21952662318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21952662318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     18314061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18314061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3494179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3494179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8252                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8252                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8199                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8199                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21808240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21808240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     21808240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21808240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114398.636329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114398.636329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93053.865497                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93053.865497                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114360.608033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114360.608033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 114360.608033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114360.608033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            6543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       136466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       136736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       136736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       136736                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       136736                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5788584076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5788584076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5275128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5275128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5793859204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5793859204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5793859204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5793859204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104956.920438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104956.920438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 73265.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73265.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104915.601985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104915.601985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104915.601985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104915.601985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              527.716282                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1016753524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1922029.345936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.716282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12295479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12295479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12295479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12295479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12295479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12295479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8151675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8151675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8151675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8151675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8151675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8151675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12295530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12295530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12295530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12295530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12295530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12295530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159836.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159836.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159836.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159836.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159836.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159836.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6386377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6386377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6386377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6386377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6386377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6386377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163753.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163753.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163753.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163753.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 163753.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163753.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                72443                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              181282325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                72699                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2493.601356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.167313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.832687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8524468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8524468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7061498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7061498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19820                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19820                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16474                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16474                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15585966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       15585966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15585966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      15585966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       184047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          819                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          819                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       184866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       184866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       184866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       184866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22538690451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22538690451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     71617311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71617311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22610307762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22610307762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22610307762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22610307762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8708515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8708515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7062317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7062317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16474                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16474                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15770832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15770832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15770832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15770832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122461.601933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122461.601933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 87444.824176                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87444.824176                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122306.469345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122306.469345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122306.469345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122306.469345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       111739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       112423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       112423                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112423                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        72308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        72443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        72443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7995831182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7995831182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9222015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9222015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8005053197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8005053197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8005053197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8005053197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110580.173452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110580.173452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 68311.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68311.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110501.403821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110501.403821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110501.403821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110501.403821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              580.350613                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1041613225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1780535.427350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    39.647374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   540.703239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.063537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.866512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12030444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12030444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12030444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12030444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12030444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12030444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10793147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10793147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10793147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10793147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10793147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10793147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12030501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12030501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12030501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12030501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12030501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12030501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 189353.456140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189353.456140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 189353.456140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189353.456140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 189353.456140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189353.456140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8216109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8216109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8216109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8216109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8216109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8216109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 195621.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195621.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 195621.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195621.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 195621.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195621.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                81749                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              450407872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                82005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5492.444022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.908724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.091276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     31562804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31562804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17283948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17283948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8444                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8444                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8432                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8432                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     48846752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       48846752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     48846752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      48846752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       289674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       289674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       289933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       289933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       289933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       289933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34940035350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34940035350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     23195139                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23195139                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34963230489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34963230489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34963230489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34963230489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     31852478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31852478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17284207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17284207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8444                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8444                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8432                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8432                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     49136685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49136685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     49136685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49136685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120618.472317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120618.472317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89556.521236                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89556.521236                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120590.724371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120590.724371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120590.724371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120590.724371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15105                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           15105                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       208003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       208184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       208184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        81671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        81749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        81749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9063939143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9063939143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5656721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5656721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9069595864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9069595864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9069595864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9069595864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110981.121120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110981.121120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 72522.064103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72522.064103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110944.425791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110944.425791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 110944.425791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110944.425791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              527.383649                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1016753327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1922028.973535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.383649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.059910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12295282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12295282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12295282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12295282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12295282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12295282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7338204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7338204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7338204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7338204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7338204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7338204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12295327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12295327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12295327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12295327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12295327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12295327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163071.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163071.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163071.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163071.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163071.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163071.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6245334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6245334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6245334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6245334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6245334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6245334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160136.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160136.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160136.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160136.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160136.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160136.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                72481                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              181286036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                72737                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2492.349643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.174137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.825863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8527387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8527387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7062359                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062359                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16476                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16476                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15589746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15589746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15589746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15589746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       183989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          810                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          810                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       184799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       184799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       184799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       184799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22503302663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22503302663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     69639581                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69639581                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22572942244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22572942244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22572942244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22572942244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8711376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8711376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7063169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7063169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15774545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15774545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15774545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15774545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122307.869835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122307.869835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 85974.791358                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85974.791358                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122148.616843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122148.616843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122148.616843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122148.616843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8844                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8844                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       111642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       111642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       112318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       112318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        72347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        72481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        72481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7998672462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7998672462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8965979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8965979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8007638441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8007638441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8007638441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8007638441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110559.836095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110559.836095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66910.291045                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66910.291045                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110479.138547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110479.138547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110479.138547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110479.138547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              489.708852                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1014233746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2069864.787755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    34.708852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.055623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12444788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12444788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12444788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12444788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12444788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12444788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9024541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9024541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9024541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9024541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9024541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9024541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12444833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12444833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12444833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12444833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12444833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12444833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 200545.355556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 200545.355556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 200545.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200545.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 200545.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200545.355556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7212622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7212622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7212622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7212622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7212622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7212622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 206074.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206074.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 206074.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206074.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 206074.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206074.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                36864                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              164376121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                37120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4428.236018                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.472886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.527114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.912003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.087997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9928078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9928078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7374100                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7374100                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19046                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19046                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17939                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17939                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17302178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       17302178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17302178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      17302178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        94574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2178                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2178                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        96752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        96752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        96752                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        96752                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10150158681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10150158681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    145605054                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    145605054                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10295763735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10295763735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10295763735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10295763735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     10022652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10022652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7376278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7376278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        19046                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19046                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17939                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17939                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17398930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17398930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17398930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17398930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107325.043680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107325.043680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 66852.641873                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66852.641873                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106413.962864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106413.962864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106413.962864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106413.962864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       275251                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 27525.100000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            7986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        57922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        59888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        59888                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59888                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3635937325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3635937325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16469361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16469361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3652406686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3652406686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3652406686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3652406686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99201.607689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99201.607689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 77685.665094                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77685.665094                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99077.872342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99077.872342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99077.872342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99077.872342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              516.751916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1011038599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1951811.967181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    41.751916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.066910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12342764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12342764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12342764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12342764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12342764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12342764                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7960588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7960588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7960588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7960588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7960588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7960588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12342815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12342815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12342815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12342815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12342815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12342815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156089.960784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156089.960784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156089.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156089.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156089.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156089.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6848358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6848358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6848358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6848358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6848358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6848358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159264.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159264.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159264.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159264.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159264.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159264.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                41469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              166587018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                41725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3992.498933                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.361641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.638359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.911569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.088431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8500065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8500065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7155638                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7155638                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18460                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18460                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17229                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17229                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15655703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       15655703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15655703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      15655703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       133013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          881                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          881                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       133894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       133894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       133894                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       133894                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16431151856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16431151856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     76544245                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76544245                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16507696101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16507696101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16507696101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16507696101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8633078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8633078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7156519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7156519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        18460                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18460                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17229                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17229                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15789597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15789597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15789597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15789597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123530.420756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123530.420756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86883.365494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86883.365494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123289.289296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123289.289296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123289.289296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123289.289296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8657                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8657                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        91695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        91695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        92425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        92425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        92425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        92425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        41469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4300532173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4300532173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10159397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10159397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4310691570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4310691570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4310691570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4310691570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104083.744930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104083.744930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 67280.774834                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67280.774834                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103949.735224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103949.735224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103949.735224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103949.735224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              558.510820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              931031181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1656639.112100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.360364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.150456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.053462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12333998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12333998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12333998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12333998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12333998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12333998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6879195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6879195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6879195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6879195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6879195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6879195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12334043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12334043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12334043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12334043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12334043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12334043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       152871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       152871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       152871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       152871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       152871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       152871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5678757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5678757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5678757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5678757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5678757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5678757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162250.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162250.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162250.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162250.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162250.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162250.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                55252                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              224712911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                55508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4048.297741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   202.806784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    53.193216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.792214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.207786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18132053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18132053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3494844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3494844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8258                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8258                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8202                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8202                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21626897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       21626897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     21626897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      21626897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       191960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       192306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       192306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       192306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       192306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21820778150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21820778150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     36241186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36241186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21857019336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21857019336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  21857019336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21857019336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18324013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18324013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3495190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3495190                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8258                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8258                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8202                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8202                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21819203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21819203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     21819203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21819203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113673.568191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113673.568191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104743.312139                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104743.312139                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113657.500733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113657.500733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 113657.500733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113657.500733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6525                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6525                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       136779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       137054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       137054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5757101816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5757101816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5481356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5481356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5762583172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5762583172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5762583172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5762583172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104331.233867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104331.233867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 77202.197183                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77202.197183                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104296.372475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104296.372475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104296.372475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104296.372475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              579.443626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1041611107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1783580.662671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    39.198474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   540.245152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.062818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.865777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12028326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12028326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12028326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12028326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12028326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12028326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9126300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9126300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9126300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9126300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9126300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9126300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12028375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12028375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12028375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12028375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12028375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12028375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 186251.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 186251.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 186251.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 186251.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 186251.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 186251.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7641814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7641814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7641814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7641814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7641814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7641814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 186385.707317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186385.707317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 186385.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186385.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 186385.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186385.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                81684                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              450388956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                81940                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              5496.570124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.908237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.091763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.437142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.562858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     31550383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31550383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17276977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17276977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8921                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8921                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8431                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8431                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     48827360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       48827360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     48827360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      48827360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       289065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       289065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       289324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       289324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       289324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       289324                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34882995575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34882995575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     25478266                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25478266                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34908473841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34908473841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  34908473841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34908473841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     31839448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31839448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17277236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17277236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8921                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8921                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8431                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8431                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     49116684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49116684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     49116684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49116684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120675.265338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120675.265338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 98371.683398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98371.683398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120655.299391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120655.299391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120655.299391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120655.299391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           14360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       207459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       207459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       207640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       207640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       207640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       207640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        81606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        81684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        81684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9077457648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9077457648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6380837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6380837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9083838485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9083838485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9083838485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9083838485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111235.174472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111235.174472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 81805.602564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81805.602564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111207.072193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111207.072193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111207.072193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111207.072193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              494.403720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1014234689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2048958.967677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    39.403720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.063147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12445731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12445731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12445731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12445731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12445731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12445731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9937237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9937237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9937237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9937237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9937237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9937237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12445780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12445780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12445780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12445780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12445780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12445780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 202800.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 202800.755102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 202800.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 202800.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 202800.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 202800.755102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8266302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8266302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8266302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8266302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8266302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8266302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 206657.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206657.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 206657.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206657.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 206657.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 206657.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                36919                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              164379461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                37175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4421.774338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.475147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.524853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9929515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9929515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7375809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7375809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19236                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19236                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17943                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17943                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17305324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       17305324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17305324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      17305324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        94654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        94654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2181                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2181                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        96835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        96835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        96835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        96835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10120046349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10120046349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    146192483                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    146192483                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10266238832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10266238832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10266238832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10266238832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     10024169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10024169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7377990                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7377990                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19236                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19236                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17943                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17943                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17402159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17402159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17402159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17402159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106916.203742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106916.203742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67030.024301                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67030.024301                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106017.853379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106017.853379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106017.853379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106017.853379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       115740                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        57870                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7888                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            7888                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        57950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        59916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        59916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3622655384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3622655384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16539350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16539350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3639194734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3639194734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3639194734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3639194734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98699.198561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98699.198561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 76927.209302                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76927.209302                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98572.408083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98572.408083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98572.408083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98572.408083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              559.513748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              931035251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1650771.721631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    35.330032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   524.183716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.056619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.840038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12338068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12338068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12338068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12338068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12338068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12338068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7227470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7227470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7227470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7227470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7227470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7227470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12338114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12338114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12338114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12338114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12338114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12338114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157118.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157118.913043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157118.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157118.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157118.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157118.913043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6005289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6005289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6005289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6005289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6005289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6005289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162305.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162305.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162305.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162305.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162305.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162305.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                55276                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              224718560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                55532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4046.649860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   202.915681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    53.084319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.792639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.207361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     18136732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18136732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3495811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3495811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8259                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8259                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8204                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8204                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21632543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       21632543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21632543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      21632543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       192144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       192144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       192485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       192485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       192485                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       192485                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21756181388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21756181388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     31668141                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31668141                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21787849529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21787849529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21787849529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21787849529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18328876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18328876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3496152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3496152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8259                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8259                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8204                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8204                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21825028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21825028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21825028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21825028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113228.523337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113228.523337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92868.448680                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92868.448680                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113192.454108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113192.454108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113192.454108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113192.454108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6457                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            6457                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       136940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       136940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       137209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       137209                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137209                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5733596053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5733596053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5243534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5243534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5738839587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5738839587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5738839587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5738839587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103861.967484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103861.967484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 72826.861111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72826.861111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103821.542568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103821.542568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103821.542568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103821.542568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              579.634879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1041613569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1786644.200686                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.598596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.036282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.061857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.867045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12030788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12030788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12030788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12030788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12030788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12030788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8514546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8514546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8514546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8514546                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8514546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8514546                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12030840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12030840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12030840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12030840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12030840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12030840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163741.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163741.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163741.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163741.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163741.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163741.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6710222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6710222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6710222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6710222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6710222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6710222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167755.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167755.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167755.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167755.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 167755.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167755.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                81707                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              450397897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                81963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              5495.136793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.907685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.092315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.437139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.562861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     31556051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31556051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17280728                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17280728                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8442                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8442                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8432                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8432                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     48836779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       48836779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     48836779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      48836779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       289535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       289535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          259                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       289794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       289794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       289794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       289794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34865943469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34865943469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     23407647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23407647                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34889351116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34889351116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  34889351116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34889351116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     31845586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31845586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17280987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17280987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8442                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8442                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8432                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8432                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     49126573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49126573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     49126573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49126573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120420.479282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120420.479282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 90377.015444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90377.015444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120393.628288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120393.628288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120393.628288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120393.628288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           14614                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       207906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       207906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       208087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       208087                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208087                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        81629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        81707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        81707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9066884421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9066884421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5734658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5734658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9072619079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9072619079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9072619079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9072619079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111074.304732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111074.304732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 73521.256410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73521.256410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111038.455444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111038.455444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111038.455444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111038.455444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
