
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001104                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1104087981                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398687811126                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 396579                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   511231                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  36953                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67609260                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29878.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11849223483                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15274852578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        78336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        29312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        15232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        14848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        28928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        52864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        20864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        54400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        76928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        80384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        53376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        52224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        79360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        23936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        21248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        23424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               742272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       314496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            314496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          601                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2457                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2457                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1507126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     70950867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3014253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     26548609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2666454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13796002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2434589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13448204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3014253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     26200811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1623059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     47880242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3130185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     18897045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1623059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     49271436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1507126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     69675607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1507126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     72805792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1623059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     48343973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1623059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     47300578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1507126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     71878330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1623059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     21679432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3130185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     19244843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1623059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21215701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               672294249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1507126                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3014253                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2666454                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2434589                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3014253                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1623059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3130185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1623059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1507126                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1507126                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1623059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1623059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1507126                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1623059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3130185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1623059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           33156778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         284846865                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              284846865                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         284846865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1507126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     70950867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3014253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     26548609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2666454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13796002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2434589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13448204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3014253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     26200811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1623059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     47880242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3130185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     18897045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1623059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     49271436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1507126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     69675607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1507126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     72805792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1623059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     48343973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1623059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     47300578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1507126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     71878330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1623059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     21679432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3130185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     19244843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1623059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21215701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              957141114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2647694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         206051                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168027                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21534                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82818                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78180                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20628                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          935                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1995575                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1219216                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            206051                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        98808                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              249974                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         67312                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        71266                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124436                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21597                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2361811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2111837     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13142      0.56%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          20903      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31614      1.34%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13060      0.55%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15435      0.65%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16040      0.68%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11562      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         128218      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2361811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077823                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460482                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1970124                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        97387                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248235                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1396                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        44668                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33454                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1478320                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        44668                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1975173                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         42823                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        39238                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          244710                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        15187                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1475480                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         7939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          992                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2019820                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6877765                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6877765                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         350822                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          328                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          175                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           45016                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       148968                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82764                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4082                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15973                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1470602                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          327                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1374071                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2048                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222793                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       514142                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2361811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1777597     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236248     10.00%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130805      5.54%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86392      3.66%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78761      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24234      1.03%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17622      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6125      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4027      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2361811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           392     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1388     41.15%     52.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1593     47.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1131347     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25289      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136145      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81137      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1374071                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.518969                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3373                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002455                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5115373                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1693787                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1348729                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1377444                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6432                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30865                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5459                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1119                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        44668                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         31523                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1690                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1470929                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           58                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148968                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82764                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          928                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11695                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13342                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25037                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1353801                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128741                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             209728                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183594                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            80987                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.511313                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1348847                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1348729                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798070                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2024075                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.509398                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.394289                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       252785                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21942                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2317143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1823231     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       235139     10.15%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97512      4.21%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50041      2.16%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37287      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21409      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13125      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11091      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28308      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2317143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28308                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3760950                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2988919                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35346                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                285883                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.647689                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.647689                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.377688                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.377688                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6144537                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1843831                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1400736                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2647694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         203790                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179795                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18464                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130716                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124470                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12958                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          611                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2106223                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1155914                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            203790                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       137428                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              255631                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         60052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        33081                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          129493                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17934                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2436410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.536879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.797274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2180779     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          37151      1.52%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20599      0.85%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          36248      1.49%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          12605      0.52%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          33515      1.38%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           5601      0.23%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           9933      0.41%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          99979      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2436410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.076969                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.436574                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2089328                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        50780                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          254912                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          329                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        41058                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        20706                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          417                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1303197                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1706                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        41058                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2091646                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         28040                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        16206                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          252712                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         6745                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1300336                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4848                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1715655                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5909780                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5909780                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1354884                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         360745                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           18023                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       225488                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        40230                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          358                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8936                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1291214                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          189                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1196197                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1163                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       255944                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       544149                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2436410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.490967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1915871     78.63%     78.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167682      6.88%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166939      6.85%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98907      4.06%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55213      2.27%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14796      0.61%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16260      0.67%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          412      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          330      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2436410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2209     57.57%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          908     23.66%     81.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          720     18.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       943606     78.88%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9867      0.82%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       203058     16.98%     96.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39578      3.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1196197                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.451788                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3837                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003208                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4833804                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1547366                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1162679                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1200034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1142                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50665                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1727                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        41058                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         21336                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          825                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1291408                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          171                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225488                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40230                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          437                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10984                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8503                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        19487                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1178249                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199433                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17948                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             238986                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         177676                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            39553                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.445010                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1163336                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1162679                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          701263                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1569153                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.439129                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.446905                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       910046                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1032307                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       259134                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        18147                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2006939     83.78%     83.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155291      6.48%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96540      4.03%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31329      1.31%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50170      2.09%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10535      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6852      0.29%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6086      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31610      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       910046                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1032307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               213319                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              174816                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           157625                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          904610                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        31610                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3655170                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2623990                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 48662                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                211284                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            910046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1032307                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       910046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.909407                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.909407                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.343713                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.343713                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5459047                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1525569                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1364630                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2647694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         240478                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200085                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23242                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92302                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85736                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25515                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1078                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2083772                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1319311                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            240478                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       111251                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              274174                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         65240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        63296                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          130676                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22082                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2463021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.658689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.037768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2188847     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          16613      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          21118      0.86%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          33419      1.36%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          13686      0.56%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          18119      0.74%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          20981      0.85%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           9869      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         140369      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2463021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090825                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.498287                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2071672                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        76878                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          272766                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          139                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        41562                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        36566                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1610981                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1281                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        41562                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2074282                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          5588                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        64989                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          270267                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         6329                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1599736                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2235504                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7435080                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7435080                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1845626                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         389856                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          381                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          198                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           23102                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       150825                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        77678                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          896                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        17442                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1560953                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1489845                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1784                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204220                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       426073                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2463021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1833079     74.42%     74.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       285933     11.61%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118289      4.80%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65975      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        88924      3.61%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27936      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27336      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14375      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1174      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2463021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10305     78.87%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1424     10.90%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1337     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1254973     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20317      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137048      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77325      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1489845                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.562695                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13066                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008770                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5457559                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1765576                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1449056                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1502911                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1036                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30868                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1526                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        41562                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          4145                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          539                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1561336                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1166                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150825                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77678                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          462                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13013                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13497                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        26510                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1462594                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134314                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27249                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             211613                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         206538                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            77299                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.552403                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1449100                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1449056                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          868451                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2331220                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.547290                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372531                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1073707                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1323000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238333                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        23230                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2421459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1860886     76.85%     76.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       284523     11.75%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102866      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51562      2.13%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46794      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19812      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19483      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9339      0.39%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26194      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2421459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1073707                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1323000                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               196109                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              119957                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           191831                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1191039                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        27308                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        26194                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3956585                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3164246                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 32812                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                184673                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1073707                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1323000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1073707                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.465937                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.465937                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.405525                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.405525                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6577753                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2026980                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1489343                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2647694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         240593                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200280                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23287                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92239                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85654                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25535                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1070                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2083738                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1319433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            240593                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       111189                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              274060                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         65570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        62062                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          130732                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22213                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2461921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2187861     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          16589      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          20887      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          33398      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          13704      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          18147      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          21186      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           9886      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         140263      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2461921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090869                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.498333                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2071643                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        75556                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          272731                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          142                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        41845                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        36492                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1611789                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        41845                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2074193                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles          5546                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        63796                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          270300                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6237                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1601046                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4396                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2237103                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7441010                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7441010                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1844010                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         393051                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           23085                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       151049                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        77622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          931                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        17421                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1561365                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          384                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1489421                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1832                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205956                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430408                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2461921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327329                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1832251     74.42%     74.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       286060     11.62%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117894      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65722      2.67%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89318      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27771      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27238      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14484      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1183      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2461921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10396     79.04%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1422     10.81%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1335     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1254602     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20232      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137122      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77283      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1489421                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.562535                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13153                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5455745                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1767725                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1448395                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1502574                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1074                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31194                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1533                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        41845                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles          4182                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          511                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1561749                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151049                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          427                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12986                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13518                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        26504                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1461984                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134321                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27434                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             211577                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         206288                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            77256                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.552173                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1448438                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1448395                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          867784                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2330806                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.547040                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372311                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1072775                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1321832                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239909                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        23279                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2420076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1859985     76.86%     76.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       284313     11.75%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102864      4.25%     92.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51384      2.12%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46773      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19805      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19438      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9218      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26296      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2420076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1072775                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1321832                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               195942                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              119853                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           191649                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1189985                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        27276                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        26296                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3955508                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3165354                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32840                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                185773                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1072775                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1321832                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1072775                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.468080                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.468080                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.405173                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.405173                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6575711                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       2025853                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1489406                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2647694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         203940                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180120                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18370                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130477                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124575                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12868                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          609                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2107325                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1157806                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            203940                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       137443                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              255765                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         60079                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        32291                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          129452                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17851                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2436975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2181210     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          36996      1.52%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          20613      0.85%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          36326      1.49%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          12545      0.51%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          33442      1.37%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           5681      0.23%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          10037      0.41%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         100125      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2436975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077026                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.437288                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2089768                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        50652                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          255045                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          330                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        41177                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        20615                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          418                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1305014                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1708                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        41177                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2092152                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         28141                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        15659                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          252755                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         7088                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1302068                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1718531                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      5917548                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      5917548                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1354884                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         363621                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           18834                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       225980                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        40118                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          360                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8919                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1292791                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          189                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1196992                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1206                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       257481                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       548183                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2436975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1916365     78.64%     78.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167598      6.88%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       167080      6.86%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98853      4.06%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55023      2.26%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14828      0.61%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16485      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          411      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          332      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2436975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2245     57.95%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          910     23.49%     81.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          719     18.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       944164     78.88%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9867      0.82%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       203340     16.99%     96.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39533      3.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1196992                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.452088                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3874                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003236                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4836039                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1550479                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1163468                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1200866                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1176                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51157                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1615                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        41177                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         21088                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          890                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1292985                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225980                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40118                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          469                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10950                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8450                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        19400                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1179214                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199804                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             239306                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         177668                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            39502                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.445374                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1164026                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1163468                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          701926                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1570422                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.439427                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.446966                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       910046                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1032307                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       260708                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        18055                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.293938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2007283     83.78%     83.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155270      6.48%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96649      4.03%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31509      1.32%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50047      2.09%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10493      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6874      0.29%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6069      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31604      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       910046                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1032307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               213319                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              174816                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           157625                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          904610                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        31604                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3657196                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2627257                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 48590                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                210719                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            910046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1032307                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       910046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.909407                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.909407                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.343713                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.343713                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5463814                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1526777                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1366669                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2647647                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         206092                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185627                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12520                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77930                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71695                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11191                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          570                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2163077                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1293458                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            206092                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        82886                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              254917                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         39855                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        55243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          125785                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12351                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2500288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2245371     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1           8939      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          18508      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3           7619      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          41642      1.67%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          37408      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           6997      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          15327      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         118477      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2500288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077840                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.488531                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2150072                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        68700                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          253805                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          864                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        26844                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        18190                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1516156                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        26844                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2153000                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         48012                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        12962                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          251865                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         7602                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1514023                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         2949                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents           85                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1786125                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7125661                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7125661                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1547578                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         238430                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          182                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           96                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           21247                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       353624                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       177636                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1643                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         8936                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1508674                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          182                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1438180                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          902                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       138334                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       339282                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2500288                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1988772     79.54%     79.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153437      6.14%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125858      5.03%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54390      2.18%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68914      2.76%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66155      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37737      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3196      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1829      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2500288                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3605     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28065     86.32%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          843      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       906173     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12562      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342409     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176950     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1438180                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.543192                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32513                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022607                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5410063                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1647239                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1424239                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1470693                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2516                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17245                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1657                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          130                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        26844                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         44064                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1996                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1508856                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353624                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177636                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           96                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1380                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6547                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7817                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        14364                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1427017                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       341214                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11163                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             518128                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         186609                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           176914                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.538976                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1424366                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1424239                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          770695                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1523877                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.537926                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.505746                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1147968                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1349209                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       159764                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        12559                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2473444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1983443     80.19%     80.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       179294      7.25%     87.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84069      3.40%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82585      3.34%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22516      0.91%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96039      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7468      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5285      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12745      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2473444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1147968                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1349209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               512340                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              336369                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           178122                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1199892                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        13107                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        12745                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3969672                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3044888                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 48777                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                147359                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1147968                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1349209                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1147968                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.306377                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.306377                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.433580                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.433580                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        7046400                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1659632                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1795877                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2647694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         217413                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       177858                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23065                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89156                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83402                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21935                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1053                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2087598                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1216339                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            217413                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       105337                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              252463                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         63884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        51118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          129341                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22938                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2431734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614469                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.960918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2179271     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          11552      0.48%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18285      0.75%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          24673      1.01%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          25920      1.07%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          21920      0.90%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          11733      0.48%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          18635      0.77%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         119745      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2431734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.082114                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.459396                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2066337                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        72851                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          251824                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          398                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        40319                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        35624                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1490937                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        40319                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2072454                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         15838                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        43648                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          246147                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        13323                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1489514                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2079294                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6924799                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6924799                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1769536                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         309758                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           42130                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       140439                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        74593                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          879                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        30532                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1486661                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1401130                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183449                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       447061                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2431734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1829878     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       254740     10.48%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127265      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89346      3.67%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71173      2.93%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29257      1.20%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19021      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9713      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1341      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2431734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     13.27%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          916     36.29%     49.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1273     50.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1179065     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20766      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126927      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74198      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1401130                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.529189                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2524                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001801                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5236840                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1670487                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1377710                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1403654                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2749                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25433                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        40319                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         12876                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1358                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1487027                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           11                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140439                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74593                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1146                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12569                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13509                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        26078                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1379944                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119232                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21186                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             193405                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         195715                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            74173                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.521187                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1377786                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1377710                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          792028                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2134222                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.520343                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371109                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1031463                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1269171                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       217869                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        23128                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2391415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.530720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1862271     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       266697     11.15%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96526      4.04%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46036      1.93%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44268      1.85%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22864      0.96%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16590      0.69%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8922      0.37%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27241      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2391415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1031463                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1269171                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               188132                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              115006                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           183062                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1143449                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        26119                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        27241                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3851201                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3014408                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 33614                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                215960                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1031463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1269171                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1031463                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.566931                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.566931                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.389570                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.389570                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6207863                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1921026                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1380975                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2647694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         205559                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185199                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12695                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79327                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71511                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11131                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          586                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2160909                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1290337                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            205559                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        82642                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              254221                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         40259                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        55686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          125806                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12535                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2498097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2243876     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           8857      0.35%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          18365      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           7568      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          41703      1.67%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          37406      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6961      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          15279      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         118082      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2498097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077637                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.487344                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2147901                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        69158                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          253096                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          865                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        27074                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        18081                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1512095                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1267                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        27074                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2150831                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         48342                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        13069                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          251164                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         7614                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1510103                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         2883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           53                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1780523                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7107172                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7107172                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1541133                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         239358                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          182                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           96                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           21230                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       353397                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       177349                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1692                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8803                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1504912                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          182                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1434674                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          976                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       138687                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       339269                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2498097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1987998     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153073      6.13%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125404      5.02%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53945      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68907      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66077      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37711      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3177      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1805      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2498097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3598     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28060     86.33%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          847      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       903385     62.97%     62.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12460      0.87%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342097     23.84%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176646     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1434674                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.541858                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32505                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5400924                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1643829                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1420303                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1467179                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2477                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17448                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1627                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          129                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        27074                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         44370                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2007                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1505094                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353397                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177349                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           96                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1363                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6711                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7932                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        14643                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1423147                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       340818                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11525                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             517436                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         186023                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           176618                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.537504                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1420433                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1420303                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          768380                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1518471                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.536430                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506022                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1144247                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1344616                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       160628                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        12733                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2471023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1982845     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       178617      7.23%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83561      3.38%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82346      3.33%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22395      0.91%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        95887      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7461      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5230      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12681      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2471023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1144247                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1344616                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               511671                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              335949                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           177456                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1195778                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        13021                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        12681                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3963586                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3037592                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 48872                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                149597                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1144247                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1344616                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1144247                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.313918                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.313918                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.432167                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.432167                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        7028643                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1654439                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1792115                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2647694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         206095                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167994                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21622                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83371                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78447                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20574                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          940                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1999777                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1219783                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            206095                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        99021                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              250154                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         67631                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        67793                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          124699                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21700                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2362941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.993822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2112787     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          13089      0.55%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20920      0.89%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          31804      1.35%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          13125      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          15511      0.66%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          16059      0.68%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          11520      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         128126      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2362941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077839                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460696                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1974425                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        93772                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          248507                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1347                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        44889                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        33530                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1478748                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        44889                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1979413                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         41477                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        36899                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          245012                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        15239                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1476286                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          854                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2486                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         7916                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1060                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2019941                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6881483                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6881483                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1669162                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         350778                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          326                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           44538                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       148964                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        82630                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3979                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        15946                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1471606                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          325                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1375436                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2035                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224110                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       512188                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2362941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1777845     75.24%     75.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237002     10.03%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130838      5.54%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86255      3.65%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78920      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24264      1.03%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17718      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6107      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3992      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2362941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           385     11.60%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1355     40.84%     52.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1578     47.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1132834     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25318      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136091      9.89%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81040      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1375436                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.519485                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3318                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002412                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5119166                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1696112                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350330                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1378754                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6332                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30851                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5321                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1079                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        44889                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         30183                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1640                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1471931                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           34                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148964                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82630                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          879                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           54                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11722                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13430                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        25152                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1355343                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128725                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20093                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             209609                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         183825                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            80884                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.511896                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1350440                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1350330                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          798870                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2026809                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.510002                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394152                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219456                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       253727                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        22035                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2318052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1823907     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       235258     10.15%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97607      4.21%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50118      2.16%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37340      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21348      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13109      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11044      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28321      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2318052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1000105                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1219456                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               195420                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              118112                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           169362                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1102474                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        23773                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        28321                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3762914                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2991264                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 35419                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                284753                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1000105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1219456                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1000105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.647416                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.647416                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.377727                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.377727                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6151560                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1845314                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1401236                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2647694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         205533                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167690                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21478                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83232                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78211                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20442                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          916                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1991867                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1215873                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            205533                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        98653                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              249360                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         67065                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        71698                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          124186                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21525                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2357736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.993267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2108376     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          13105      0.56%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          20808      0.88%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          31542      1.34%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13088      0.56%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          15516      0.66%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          16066      0.68%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          11522      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         127713      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2357736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077627                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459220                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1966476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        97754                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          247639                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1382                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        44484                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        33319                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1474195                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        44484                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1971491                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         45538                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        36693                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          244180                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        15338                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1471452                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2537                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         7938                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1122                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2012606                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6859067                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6859067                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1665507                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         347099                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          326                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           44765                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       148798                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        82852                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4142                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        15885                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1466652                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1370258                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2105                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222012                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       513359                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2357736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1774909     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236110     10.01%     85.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130341      5.53%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85789      3.64%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78599      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24285      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17586      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6174      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3943      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2357736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           387     11.46%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1382     40.92%     52.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1608     47.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1127910     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25213      1.84%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       135838      9.91%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81145      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1370258                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.517529                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3377                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002464                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5103734                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1689057                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1345182                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1373635                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6351                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30938                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5717                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1155                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        44484                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         34504                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1748                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1466978                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           53                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148798                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82852                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          955                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           52                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11663                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13261                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24924                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1350346                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128523                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19912                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             209486                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         182970                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            80963                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.510008                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1345290                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1345182                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          795727                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2018951                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.508058                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.394129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       997932                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1216741                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251465                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        21880                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2313252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1820356     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       234630     10.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97331      4.21%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49977      2.16%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37310      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21287      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13004      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11037      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28320      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2313252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       997932                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1216741                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               194995                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              117860                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           168955                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1100014                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        23704                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        28320                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3753138                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2980904                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 35351                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                289958                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            997932                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1216741                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       997932                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.653181                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.653181                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.376906                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.376906                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6129089                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1837912                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1397099                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2647694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         206004                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185506                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12599                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80973                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71570                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11164                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          593                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2163960                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1293064                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            206004                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        82734                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              254841                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         40114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        54802                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          125911                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12432                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2500832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2245991     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           8979      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18527      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           7538      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          41547      1.66%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          37513      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           7049      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          15179      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         118509      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2500832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077805                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.488374                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2150980                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        68248                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          253713                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          866                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        27022                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        18222                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1515594                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        27022                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2153869                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         47020                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        13607                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          251824                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         7487                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1513553                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         2927                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents           53                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1785352                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7123369                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7123369                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1545420                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         239914                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          184                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           98                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           21086                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       353678                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       177590                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1650                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8731                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1508277                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          184                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1437585                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          946                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       138745                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       341507                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2500832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1989293     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153530      6.14%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125926      5.04%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54318      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68974      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66159      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37668      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3162      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1802      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2500832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3592     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28039     86.35%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          839      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       905760     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12515      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342321     23.81%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176903     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1437585                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.542957                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32470                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022586                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5409414                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1647255                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1423298                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1470055                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2402                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17452                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1711                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          130                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        27022                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         43189                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1956                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1508461                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           42                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353678                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177590                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1344                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6592                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7929                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        14521                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1426109                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       340983                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11472                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             517848                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         186476                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           176865                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.538623                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1423423                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1423298                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          770171                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1522471                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.537561                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.505869                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1146704                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1347650                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       160983                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        12642                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2473810                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1984386     80.22%     80.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       179151      7.24%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83710      3.38%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82603      3.34%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22491      0.91%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96052      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7501      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5288      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12628      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2473810                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1146704                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1347650                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               512105                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              336226                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           177907                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1198486                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        13077                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        12628                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3969815                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3044304                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 48775                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                146862                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1146704                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1347650                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1146704                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.308960                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.308960                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.433095                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.433095                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        7041720                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1658353                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1795201                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2647694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         205565                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185173                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12616                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78344                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71632                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11149                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          577                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2163656                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1291075                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            205565                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        82781                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              254504                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         40019                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        55515                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          125911                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12450                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2500791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2246287     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           8954      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18433      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           7615      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          41643      1.67%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          37380      1.49%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7103      0.28%     94.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          15197      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         118179      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2500791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077639                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.487622                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2150719                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        68907                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          253385                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          868                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        26909                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        18114                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1513262                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        26909                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2153551                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         47592                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        13871                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          251566                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         7299                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1511090                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         2807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           53                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1781896                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7112786                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7112786                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1543074                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         238817                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          184                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           98                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           20513                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       353431                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       177528                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1629                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8691                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1505883                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          184                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1435649                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          894                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       138429                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       339278                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2500791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370762                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1989655     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153964      6.16%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125454      5.02%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54257      2.17%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68726      2.75%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66156      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37556      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3198      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1825      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2500791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3623     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28035     86.26%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          841      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       904027     62.97%     62.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12479      0.87%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342238     23.84%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176819     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1435649                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.542226                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32499                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022637                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5405482                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1644544                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1421401                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1468148                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2395                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17336                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1729                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        26909                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         43688                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2012                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1506067                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353431                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177528                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1371                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6642                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7834                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        14476                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1424174                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       340926                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11475                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             517714                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         186076                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           176788                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.537892                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1421532                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1421401                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          769343                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1520478                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.536845                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.505988                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1145366                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1346012                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       160189                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        12659                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2473882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1985023     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       178813      7.23%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83772      3.39%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82561      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22427      0.91%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        95971      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7416      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5279      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12620      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2473882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1145366                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1346012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               511891                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              336092                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           177667                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1197019                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        13045                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        12620                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3967463                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3039325                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 48842                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                146903                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1145366                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1346012                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1145366                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.311658                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.311658                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.432590                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.432590                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        7033799                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1655658                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1793164                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2647694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         205839                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167936                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21522                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83096                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78403                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20483                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          937                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1993350                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1217333                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            205839                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        98886                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              249758                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         67257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        72143                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          124267                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21557                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2360198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.992988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2110440     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          13155      0.56%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          21018      0.89%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          31708      1.34%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13043      0.55%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          15386      0.65%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          16105      0.68%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          11449      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         127894      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2360198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077743                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.459771                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1967556                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        98596                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          248019                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1406                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        44620                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        33344                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1475557                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        44620                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1972644                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         43323                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        39584                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          244456                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        15559                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1472605                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          732                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         8023                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1053                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2015097                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6863179                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6863179                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1666636                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         348455                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          175                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           45644                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       148727                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        82770                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4158                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        15913                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1467760                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          327                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1372123                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2109                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221614                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       508381                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2360198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266488                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1776234     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236225     10.01%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131193      5.56%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86166      3.65%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78546      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24212      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17594      0.75%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6018      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4010      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2360198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           403     11.94%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1389     41.16%     53.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1583     46.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1129603     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25264      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       135962      9.91%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81142      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1372123                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.518233                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3375                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002460                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5109928                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1689770                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1347200                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1375498                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6504                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30792                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5590                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1115                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        44620                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         31743                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1671                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1468087                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           28                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148727                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82770                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          922                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11791                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13254                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25045                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1352330                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128834                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19793                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             209823                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         183473                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            80989                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.510758                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1347316                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1347200                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          797253                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2020132                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.508820                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.394654                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998586                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1217546                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251730                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        21934                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2315578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1822233     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       234784     10.14%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97588      4.21%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50044      2.16%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37273      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21279      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13013      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11023      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28341      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2315578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       998586                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1217546                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               195113                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              117933                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           169057                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1100751                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        23722                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        28341                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3756513                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2983184                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 35419                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                287496                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            998586                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1217546                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       998586                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.651443                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.651443                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.377153                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.377153                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6137978                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1841045                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1398924                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2647694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         215331                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176445                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22848                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87126                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82027                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21678                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          998                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2058885                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1230005                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            215331                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       103705                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              269237                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         65867                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        62476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          128404                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22606                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2433264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2164027     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          28762      1.18%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          33338      1.37%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          18254      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          20648      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          11890      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           8038      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          21012      0.86%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         127295      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2433264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081328                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.464557                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2041774                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        80172                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          266756                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2253                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        42305                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        34932                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1501302                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        42305                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2045543                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         16765                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        53769                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          265288                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         9590                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1499398                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2085977                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6979625                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6979625                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1746863                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         339107                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          211                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           27744                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       143593                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        76913                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1796                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        16353                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1495656                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          380                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1402734                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1951                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207154                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       485373                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           40                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2433264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1843910     75.78%     75.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236127      9.70%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127542      5.24%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87924      3.61%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77428      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39580      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9798      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6289      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4666      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2433264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           356     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1453     45.91%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1356     42.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1175272     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21900      1.56%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129102      9.20%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76290      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1402734                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.529795                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3165                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002256                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5243848                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1703221                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1377497                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1405899                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3456                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28002                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2142                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        42305                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         12462                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1206                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1496041                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143593                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76913                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          807                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12408                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13407                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        25815                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1380405                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120914                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22329                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             197172                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         192230                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            76258                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.521361                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1377576                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1377497                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          819573                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2149800                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.520263                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381232                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1025434                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1258136                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237913                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        22819                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2390959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1877193     78.51%     78.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238454      9.97%     88.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99878      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59613      2.49%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41287      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26884      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14278      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11125      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22247      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2390959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1025434                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1258136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               190359                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              115588                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           180019                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1134326                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        25615                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        22247                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3864761                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3034410                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 33445                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                214430                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1025434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1258136                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1025434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.582023                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.582023                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.387293                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.387293                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6224936                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1914754                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1398373                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2647691                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         217321                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       177717                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23066                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89185                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83486                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21847                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1053                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2085318                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1215340                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            217321                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       105333                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              252215                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         63710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        52357                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          129264                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22952                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2430270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.960403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2178055     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          11626      0.48%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18238      0.75%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          24447      1.01%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          26000      1.07%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          22003      0.91%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          11735      0.48%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          18607      0.77%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         119559      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2430270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082079                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.459019                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2063970                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        74181                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          251561                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          409                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        40144                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        35665                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1489275                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        40144                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2070135                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         15663                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        45005                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          245829                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        13489                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1487825                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1820                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5895                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2076764                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6916531                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6916531                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1768582                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         308182                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           42484                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       140025                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        74549                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          920                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        30499                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1484848                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1400095                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          324                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182084                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       442071                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2430270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1828568     75.24%     75.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       254763     10.48%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127349      5.24%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89200      3.67%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71197      2.93%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29182      1.20%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19054      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9644      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1313      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2430270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           326     13.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          909     36.24%     49.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1273     50.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1178364     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20769      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126606      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74182      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1400095                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.528798                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2508                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001791                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5233292                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1667309                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1376833                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1402603                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2800                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25074                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1466                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        40144                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         12559                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1371                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1485214                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           11                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140025                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74549                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1150                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12592                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13566                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        26158                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1379052                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119118                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             193275                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         195747                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            74157                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.520851                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1376907                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1376833                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          791687                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2133354                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.520013                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371100                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1030906                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1268491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       216724                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        23129                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2390126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.530721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1861234     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       266570     11.15%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96516      4.04%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45961      1.92%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44240      1.85%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22931      0.96%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16561      0.69%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8879      0.37%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27234      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2390126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1030906                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1268491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               188034                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              114951                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           182962                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1142844                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        26107                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        27234                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3848094                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3010583                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 33627                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                217421                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1030906                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1268491                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1030906                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.568315                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.568315                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.389360                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.389360                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6203646                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1919676                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1379873                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2647694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         215497                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176565                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22867                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87201                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82102                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21700                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1000                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2060511                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1230807                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            215497                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       103802                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              269426                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         65920                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        61737                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          128507                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22624                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2434374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2164948     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          28780      1.18%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          33362      1.37%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          18271      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          20662      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          11905      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           8044      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          21038      0.86%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         127364      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2434374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081390                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.464860                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2043472                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        79360                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          266946                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2253                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        42339                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        34969                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1502328                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        42339                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2047239                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         16542                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        53182                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          265479                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         9589                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1500442                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2034                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4636                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2087362                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6984436                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6984436                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1747974                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         339381                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          211                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           27738                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       143703                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        76960                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        16362                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1496696                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          380                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1403713                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1960                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207337                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       485690                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           40                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2434374                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1844590     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236319      9.71%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127619      5.24%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87996      3.61%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77476      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39609      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9804      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6293      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4668      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2434374                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           356     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     45.87%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1355     42.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1176097     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21905      1.56%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129194      9.20%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76347      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1403713                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530164                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3161                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002252                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5246921                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1704445                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1378459                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1406874                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3453                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28027                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2143                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        42339                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         12262                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1195                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1497081                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143703                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76960                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          798                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12420                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13416                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        25836                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1381372                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121002                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22341                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             197318                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         192380                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            76316                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.521726                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1378538                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1378459                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          820088                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2151211                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.520626                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381222                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1026076                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1258964                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238127                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        22838                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2392035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345511                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1877903     78.51%     78.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238641      9.98%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99943      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59653      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41320      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26899      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14287      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11131      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22258      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2392035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1026076                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1258964                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               190492                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              115675                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           180156                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1135079                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        25641                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        22258                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3866868                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3036531                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 33466                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                213320                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1026076                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1258964                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1026076                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.580407                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.580407                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.387536                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.387536                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6229257                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1916017                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1399301                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           5817                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32740.173403                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           701338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          38554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          18.191057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1417.315912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   274.545994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.753161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   127.390699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.244655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    52.402354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    11.854805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    51.092485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.498851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   126.403948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.528600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   195.228976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.823531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    89.153408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.530387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   201.239548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.746052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   267.330625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.745768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   283.377228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.530782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   195.896176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.529749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   190.677154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.745318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   282.215287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.840827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    95.393765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.818786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    90.141530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.841933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    95.486998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          2411.161239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1725.852036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1005.179630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1018.874545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1721.462732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1930.329910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1207.380559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1937.384943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          2475.997424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2422.848175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1940.219568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1964.847603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2374.922243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1556.372002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1212.328738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1547.941303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.043253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.008378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.003888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.001599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.001559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.003858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.005958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.002721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.006141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.008158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.008648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.005978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.005819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.008613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.002914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.073583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.052669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.030676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.031094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.052535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.058909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.036846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.059124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.075561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.073939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.059211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.059962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.072477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.047497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.036997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.047239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    6042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             3334                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  3334                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          367                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          227                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          230                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          372                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          425                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          294                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          417                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          486                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          473                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          424                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          430                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          291                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          333                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6060                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  5553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 246                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   5799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          612                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          229                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          119                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          116                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          226                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          413                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          163                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          425                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          601                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          628                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          417                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          408                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          620                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          187                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          166                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          183                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  5799                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2146313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     83044211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3924346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     34556147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3437113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     18168820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3065007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17830783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3999576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     34152133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2126597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     62592586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4170048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     24334635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2111375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     65063470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2252279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     81225099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2160227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     86303732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2108116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     63190687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2159116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     62246651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2043508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     84581510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2224146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     28105676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4207183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     25192375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2078775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     27105025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       841907265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9660348                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9312618                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8724431                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9435551                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      37132948                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2146313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     92704559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3924346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     34556147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3437113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     18168820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3065007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17830783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3999576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     34152133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2126597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     62592586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4170048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     24334635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2111375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     65063470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2252279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90537717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2160227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     95028163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2108116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     63190687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2159116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     62246651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2043508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     94017061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2224146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     28105676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4207183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     25192375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2078775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     27105025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        879040213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2146313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     92704559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3924346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     34556147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3437113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     18168820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3065007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17830783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3999576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     34152133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2126597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     62592586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4170048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     24334635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2111375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     65063470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2252279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90537717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2160227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     95028163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2108116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     63190687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2159116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     62246651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2043508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     94017061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2224146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     28105676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4207183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     25192375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2078775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     27105025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       879040213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               11595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3334                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              3334                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               264                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                11859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               11859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.536204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.386172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.920000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.379832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.492840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.504751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.525854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.546500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.495838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.538610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.362403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.365639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.478913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.563536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.384228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.920000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.335260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.377926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.492840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.504751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.552898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.570391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.495838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.564663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.362403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.363239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.488996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.563536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.384228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.920000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.335260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.377926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.492840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.504751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.552898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.570391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.495838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.564663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.362403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.363239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.488996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       165101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151540.531022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150936.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150900.205240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149439.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152679.159664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 145952.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 153713.646552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153829.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151115.632743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151899.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151555.898305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154446.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149292.239264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150812.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153090.517647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173252.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150695.916512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166171.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151410.056140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150579.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151536.419664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154222.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152565.321078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157192.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151579.767025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158867.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150297.732620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155821.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151761.295181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148483.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 148114.890710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151613.049703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150942.937500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150203.516129                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150421.224138                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152186.306452                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150946.943089                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       165101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151478.037582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150936.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150900.205240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149439.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152679.159664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 145952.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 153713.646552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153829.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151115.632743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151899.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151555.898305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154446.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149292.239264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150812.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153090.517647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173252.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150645.119800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166171.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151318.730892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150579.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151536.419664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154222.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152565.321078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157192.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151640.420968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158867.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150297.732620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155821.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151761.295181                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148483.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 148114.890710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151584.792723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst       165101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151478.037582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150936.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150900.205240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149439.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152679.159664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 145952.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 153713.646552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153829.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151115.632743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151899.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151555.898305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154446.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149292.239264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150812.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153090.517647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173252.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150645.119800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166171.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151318.730892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150579.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151536.419664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154222.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152565.321078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157192.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151640.420968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158867.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150297.732620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155821.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151761.295181                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148483.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 148114.890710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151584.792723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2457                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2457                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             5553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            246                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              5799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             5799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1389894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     51176525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2412012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     21228857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2098566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11238629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1844850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11076761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2485259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     20988664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1309200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     38556398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2599025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     14843734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1299238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     40342011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1498205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     49857266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1404028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     53142845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1295162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     38930013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1345428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38513777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1288026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     52104856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1410816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     17224377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2640468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     15532471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1264709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16445786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    518787856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5931868                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5698794                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5347548                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5825562                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22803772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1389894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     57108393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2412012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     21228857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2098566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11238629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1844850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11076761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2485259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     20988664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1309200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     38556398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2599025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     14843734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1299238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     40342011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1498205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     55556060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1404028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     58490393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1295162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     38930013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1345428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38513777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1288026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     57930418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1410816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     17224377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2640468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     15532471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1264709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16445786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    541591628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1389894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     57108393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2412012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     21228857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2098566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11238629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1844850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11076761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2485259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     20988664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1309200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     38556398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2599025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     14843734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1299238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     40342011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1498205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     55556060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1404028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     58490393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1295162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     38930013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1345428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38513777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1288026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     57930418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1410816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     17224377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2640468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     15532471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1264709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16445786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    541591628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.536204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.386172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.920000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.379832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.492840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.359031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.504751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.525854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.546500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.495838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.538610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.362403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.365639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.478913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.563536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.384228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.920000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.335260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.377926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.492840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.504751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.552898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.570391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.495838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.564663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.362403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.363239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.488996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.563536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.384228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.920000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.335260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.377926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.492840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.356674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.504751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.552898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.570391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.495838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.486874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.564663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.362403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.363239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.354651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.488996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 106914.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93387.819343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92769.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92702.432314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst        91242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94442.260504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst        87850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95489.318966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95586.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92870.194690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93514.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93356.895884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96260.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91065.852761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92802.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94922.378824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 115246.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92499.565863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 108002.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93233.061404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92511.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93357.345324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        96102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94396.512255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99078.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93377.878136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100772.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92108.967914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97795.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93569.102410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90336.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89867.683060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93424.789483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92685.437500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91916.032258                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92199.103448                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93960.677419                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92698.260163                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 106914.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93314.367647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92769.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92702.432314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst        91242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94442.260504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst        87850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95489.318966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95586.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92870.194690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93514.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93356.895884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96260.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91065.852761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92802.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94922.378824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 115246.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92439.367720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 108002.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93137.568471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92511.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93357.345324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        96102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94396.512255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99078.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93436.158065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100772.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92108.967914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97795.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93569.102410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90336.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89867.683060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93393.969305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 106914.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93314.367647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92769.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92702.432314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst        91242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94442.260504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst        87850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95489.318966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95586.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92870.194690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93514.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93356.895884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96260.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91065.852761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92802.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94922.378824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 115246.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92439.367720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 108002.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93137.568471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92511.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93357.345324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        96102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94396.512255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99078.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93436.158065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100772.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92108.967914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97795.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93569.102410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90336.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89867.683060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93393.969305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.744760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494287.547809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.744760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2775965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2775965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2775965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2775965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2775965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2775965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163292.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163292.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163292.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163292.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163292.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163292.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2286777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2286777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2286777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2286777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2286777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2286777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175905.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175905.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175905.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175905.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 175905.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175905.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1086                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125035939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             93171.340537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   189.788236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    66.211764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.741360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.258640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         170999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        170999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          476                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          476                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    334420093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    334420093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     85167053                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85167053                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    419587146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    419587146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    419587146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    419587146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       173922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       173922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006190                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006190                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 136665.342460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136665.342460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 178922.380252                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178922.380252                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 143546.748546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143546.748546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 143546.748546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143546.748546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          497                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             497                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1837                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1837                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    123843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10307111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10307111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134150111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    134150111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134150111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    134150111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000832                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000832                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121177.103718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121177.103718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 161048.609375                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161048.609375                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123526.805709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123526.805709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123526.805709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123526.805709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              550.798135                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              643069682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1162874.650995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    25.699394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.098741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.041185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       129460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       129460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         129460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       129460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        129460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4948193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4948193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4948193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4948193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4948193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4948193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       129493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       129493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       129493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       129493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       129493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149945.242424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149945.242424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149945.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149945.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149945.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149945.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4277350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4277350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4277350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4277350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4277350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4277350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158420.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158420.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158420.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158420.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158420.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158420.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  596                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              150603801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  852                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             176765.024648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   157.502298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    98.497702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.615243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.384757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       180362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       218660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         218660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       218660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        218660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2034                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2034                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    224093530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224093530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1330537                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1330537                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    225424067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    225424067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    225424067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    225424067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       182381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       220694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       220694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110992.337791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110992.337791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 88702.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88702.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110827.958210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110827.958210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110827.958210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110827.958210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           67                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              67                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1438                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1438                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     62206149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62206149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       207736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       207736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     62413885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62413885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     62413885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62413885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104900.757167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104900.757167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 69245.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69245.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104721.283557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104721.283557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104721.283557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104721.283557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              467.632070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              749857121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1562202.335417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.632070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.020244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.749410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       130646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       130646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         130646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       130646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        130646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4772915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4772915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4772915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4772915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4772915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4772915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       130676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       130676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       130676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       130676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       130676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159097.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159097.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159097.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159097.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159097.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159097.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3980263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3980263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3980263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3980263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3980263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3980263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159210.520000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159210.520000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159210.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159210.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159210.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159210.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  346                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              108862299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             180834.383721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   116.969271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   139.030729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.456911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.543089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       103200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        75765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       178965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         178965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       178965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        178965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total          881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total          881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     96491283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96491283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1220016                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1220016                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     97711299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     97711299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     97711299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     97711299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       104069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        75777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       179846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       179846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       179846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       179846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111037.149597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111037.149597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       101668                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       101668                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110909.533485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110909.533485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110909.533485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110909.533485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          535                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     35082129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35082129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       234577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       234577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     35316706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35316706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     35316706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35316706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102280.259475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102280.259475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 78192.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78192.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102071.404624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102071.404624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102071.404624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102071.404624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              467.241993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              749857178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1568738.866109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    12.241993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.019619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       130703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       130703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         130703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       130703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        130703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4312800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4312800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4312800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4312800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4312800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4312800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       130732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       130732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       130732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       130732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       130732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 148717.241379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148717.241379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 148717.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148717.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 148717.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148717.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3452249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3452249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3452249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3452249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3452249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3452249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150097.782609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150097.782609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150097.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150097.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150097.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 150097.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  346                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              108862228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             180834.265781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   116.998978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   139.001022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.457027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.542973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       103190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        75702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       178892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         178892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       178892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        178892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total          886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total          886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     96131988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96131988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1174667                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1174667                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     97306655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     97306655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     97306655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     97306655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       104064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        75714                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75714                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       179778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       179778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       179778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       179778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109990.832952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109990.832952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97888.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97888.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109826.924379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109826.924379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109826.924379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109826.924379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     34701115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34701115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       261588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       261588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     34962703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34962703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     34962703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34962703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101169.431487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101169.431487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        87196                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        87196                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101048.274566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101048.274566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101048.274566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101048.274566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              550.544198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              643069641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1162874.576854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.444952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   525.099246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.040777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.841505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       129419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       129419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         129419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       129419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        129419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5087243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5087243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5087243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5087243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5087243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5087243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       129452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       129452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       129452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       129452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       129452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154158.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154158.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154158.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154158.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154158.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154158.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4384923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4384923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4384923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4384923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4384923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4384923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162404.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162404.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162404.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162404.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162404.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162404.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  598                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              150604207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             176351.530445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   158.145392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    97.854608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.617755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.382245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       180768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       219066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         219066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       219066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        219066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    224924496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224924496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1331249                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1331249                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    226255745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    226255745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    226255745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    226255745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       182820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       221133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       221133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109612.327485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109612.327485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 88749.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88749.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109460.931301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109460.931301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109460.931301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109460.931301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           67                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              67                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1469                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1469                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     62541539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62541539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       201694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       201694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     62743233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62743233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     62743233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62743233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105111.830252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105111.830252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 67231.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67231.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104921.794314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104921.794314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104921.794314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104921.794314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              556.527747                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              765406667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1374159.186715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.527747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.021679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         125769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        125769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2682193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2682193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2682193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2682193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2682193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2682193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       125785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       125785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167637.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167637.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167637.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167637.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167637.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167637.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2369721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2369721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2369721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2369721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2369721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2369721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169265.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169265.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169265.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169265.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169265.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169265.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  837                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              287890445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             263394.734675                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   101.868916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   154.131084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.397925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.602075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       321934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       175798                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175798                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       497732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         497732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       497732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        497732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         3050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3050                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         3050                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    381803041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    381803041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    381803041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    381803041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    381803041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    381803041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       324984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       324984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       175798                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175798                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       500782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       500782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125181.324918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125181.324918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125181.324918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125181.324918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125181.324918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125181.324918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2212                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2212                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     98652439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98652439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     98652439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98652439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     98652439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98652439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117723.674224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117723.674224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117723.674224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117723.674224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117723.674224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117723.674224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              499.230763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              746408978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1480970.194444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.230763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.038831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.800049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       129302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       129302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         129302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       129302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        129302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6251507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6251507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6251507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6251507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6251507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6251507                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       129341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       129341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       129341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       129341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       129341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160295.051282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160295.051282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160295.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160295.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160295.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160295.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4839553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4839553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4839553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4839553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4839553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4839553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166881.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166881.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166881.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166881.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166881.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166881.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              112762057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             158151.552595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   159.002689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    96.997311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.621104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.378896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        87377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        72766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       160143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         160143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       160143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        160143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    176240822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    176240822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1294736                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1294736                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    177535558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    177535558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    177535558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    177535558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        88820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        72781                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72781                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       161601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       161601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.016246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000206                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 122135.011781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122135.011781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86315.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86315.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121766.500686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121766.500686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121766.500686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121766.500686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     46880962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46880962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       206642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       206642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     47087604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47087604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     47087604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47087604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103262.030837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103262.030837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 68880.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68880.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103036.332604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103036.332604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103036.332604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103036.332604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              556.529546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              765406688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1374159.224417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.529546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.021682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         125790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       125790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        125790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2653361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2653361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2653361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2653361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2653361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2653361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       125806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       125806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       125806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165835.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165835.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165835.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165835.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 165835.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165835.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2363203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2363203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2363203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2363203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2363203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2363203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168800.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168800.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168800.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168800.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168800.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168800.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  842                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              287889967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             262194.869763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   101.954390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   154.045610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.398259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.601741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       321707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       175549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       497256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         497256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       497256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        497256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         3037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3037                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         3037                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    385119609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    385119609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    385119609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    385119609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    385119609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    385119609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       324744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       324744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       175549                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175549                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       500293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       500293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126809.222588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126809.222588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126809.222588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126809.222588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126809.222588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126809.222588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2195                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2195                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    100821065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100821065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    100821065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100821065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    100821065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100821065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119739.982185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119739.982185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119739.982185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119739.982185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119739.982185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119739.982185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              501.745367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750132611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1494288.069721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.745367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.020425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         124681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        124681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2877624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2877624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2877624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2877624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2877624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2877624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       124699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       124699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       159868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       159868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       159868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       159868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       159868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       159868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2374283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2374283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2374283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2374283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2374283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2374283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 182637.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182637.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 182637.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182637.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 182637.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182637.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 1087                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              125036120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             93102.099777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   189.999584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    66.000416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.742186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.257814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        94743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        76436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       171179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         171179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       171179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        171179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          464                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          464                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    324518518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    324518518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     83120539                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83120539                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    407639057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    407639057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    407639057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    407639057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        97149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        76900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       174049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       174049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.024766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.016490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.016490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 134878.852037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134878.852037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 179139.092672                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179139.092672                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 142034.514634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142034.514634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 142034.514634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142034.514634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          498                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             498                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1783                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1783                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    122136289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122136289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9951356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9951356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    132087645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132087645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    132087645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132087645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000806                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000806                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119157.355122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119157.355122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 160505.741935                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160505.741935                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121515.772769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121515.772769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121515.772769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121515.772769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              501.745082                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750132098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1494287.047809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.745082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.020425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         124168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        124168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2942766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2942766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2942766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2942766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2942766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2942766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       124186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       124186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       163487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       163487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       163487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       163487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       163487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       163487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2307545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2307545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2307545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2307545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2307545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2307545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177503.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177503.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177503.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177503.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177503.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177503.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 1101                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              125035617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             92141.206338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   189.945220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    66.054780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.741974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.258026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        94390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        76286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       170676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         170676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       170676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        170676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          442                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          442                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    344570134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    344570134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     78533071                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78533071                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    423103205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    423103205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    423103205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    423103205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        96904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        76728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       173632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       173632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.025943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005761                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005761                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.017025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.017025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 137060.514718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137060.514718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 177676.631222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177676.631222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 143133.695873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143133.695873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 143133.695873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143133.695873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          487                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             487                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    126958017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126958017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9311083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9311083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    136269100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    136269100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    136269100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    136269100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000756                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000756                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121723.889741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121723.889741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 160535.913793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160535.913793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123768.483197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123768.483197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123768.483197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123768.483197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              556.529953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              765406793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1374159.412926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.529953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.021683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       125895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       125895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         125895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       125895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        125895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2634360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2634360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2634360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2634360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2634360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2634360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       125911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       125911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       125911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       125911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       125911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164647.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164647.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164647.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164647.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164647.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164647.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2333522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2333522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2333522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2333522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2333522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2333522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166680.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166680.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166680.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166680.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 166680.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166680.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  841                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              287890302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             262434.185962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   101.660359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   154.339641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.397111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.602889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       321882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       175706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       497588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         497588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       497588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        497588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         3017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         3017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    379743802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    379743802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    379743802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    379743802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    379743802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    379743802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       324899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       324899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       175706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       500605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       500605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 125868.015247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125868.015247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 125868.015247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125868.015247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 125868.015247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125868.015247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     99875913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99875913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     99875913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     99875913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     99875913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     99875913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118758.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118758.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118758.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118758.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118758.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118758.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              556.528866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              765406793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1374159.412926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.528866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.021681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         125895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        125895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2728300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2728300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2728300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2728300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2728300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2728300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       125911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       125911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170518.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170518.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170518.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170518.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 170518.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170518.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2444084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2444084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2444084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2444084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2444084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2444084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174577.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174577.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174577.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174577.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 174577.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174577.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  838                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              287890214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             263153.760512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   101.898018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   154.101982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.398039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.601961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       321875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       175626                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175626                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       497501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         497501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       497501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        497501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         3019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         3019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    380392440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    380392440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    380392440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    380392440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    380392440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    380392440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       324894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       324894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       175626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       500520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       500520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125999.483273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125999.483273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125999.483273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125999.483273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125999.483273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125999.483273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             136                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2181                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2181                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     98737271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98737271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     98737271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98737271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     98737271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98737271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 117824.905728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117824.905728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 117824.905728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117824.905728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 117824.905728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117824.905728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              501.744612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750132179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1494287.209163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.744612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.020424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       124249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       124249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         124249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       124249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        124249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2728149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2728149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2728149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2728149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2728149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2728149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       124267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       124267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       124267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       124267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       124267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151563.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151563.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151563.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151563.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151563.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151563.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2184565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2184565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2184565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2184565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2184565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2184565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168043.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168043.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168043.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168043.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168043.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168043.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 1098                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              125035845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             92345.528065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   190.530054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    65.469946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.744258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.255742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        76303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       170904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         170904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       170904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        170904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          470                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          470                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    337663464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    337663464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     84570691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     84570691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    422234155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    422234155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    422234155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    422234155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        97088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        76773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       173861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       173861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.025616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 135771.396864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135771.396864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 179937.640426                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179937.640426                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 142791.394995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142791.394995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 142791.394995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142791.394995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          490                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             490                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1859                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1859                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    125423875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125423875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10099840                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10099840                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    135523715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    135523715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    135523715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    135523715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000808                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000808                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121065.516409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121065.516409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162900.645161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162900.645161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123427.791439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123427.791439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123427.791439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123427.791439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              495.840046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              746972996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1505993.943548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.840046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.022180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       128384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       128384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         128384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       128384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        128384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3404550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3404550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3404550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3404550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3404550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3404550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       128404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       128404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       128404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       128404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       128404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170227.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170227.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170227.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170227.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170227.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170227.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2389344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2389344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2389344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2389344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2389344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2389344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170667.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170667.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170667.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170667.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 170667.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170667.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              117716158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             152482.069948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   167.415331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    88.584669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.653966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.346034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        88579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        74360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       162939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         162939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       162939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        162939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    222431640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    222431640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5703584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5703584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    228135224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    228135224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    228135224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    228135224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        90363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        74411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       164774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       164774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       164774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       164774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.019743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124681.412556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124681.412556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111834.980392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111834.980392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124324.372752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124324.372752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124324.372752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124324.372752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     52821909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52821909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     52821909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52821909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     52821909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52821909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102368.040698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102368.040698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102368.040698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102368.040698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 102368.040698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102368.040698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              499.225553                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              746408901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1480970.041667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.225553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.038823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.800041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       129225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       129225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         129225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       129225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        129225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6157537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6157537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6157537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6157537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6157537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6157537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       129264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       129264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       129264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       129264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       129264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157885.564103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157885.564103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157885.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157885.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157885.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157885.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4747886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4747886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4747886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4747886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4747886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4747886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163720.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163720.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163720.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163720.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163720.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163720.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              112761844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             158151.253857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   158.921482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    97.078518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.620787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.379213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        87208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        72722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         159930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       159930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        159930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    178068205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    178068205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1375932                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1375932                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    179444137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    179444137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    179444137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    179444137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        88669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72738                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72738                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       161407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       161407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121881.043806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121881.043806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85995.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85995.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121492.306703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121492.306703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121492.306703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121492.306703                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     47720679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47720679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       213867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       213867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     47934546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47934546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     47934546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47934546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105111.627753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105111.627753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        71289                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71289                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104889.597374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104889.597374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104889.597374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104889.597374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              495.841195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              746973099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1505994.151210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.841195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.022181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       128487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       128487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         128487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       128487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        128487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3140821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3140821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3140821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3140821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3140821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3140821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       128507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       128507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       128507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       128507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       128507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157041.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157041.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157041.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157041.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157041.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157041.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2198238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2198238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2198238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2198238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2198238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2198238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       157017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       157017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       157017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       157017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       157017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       157017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              117716280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             152482.227979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   167.459066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    88.540934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.654137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.345863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        88656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        74406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       163062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         163062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       163062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        163062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    220799693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    220799693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6675134                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6675134                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    227474827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    227474827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    227474827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    227474827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        90440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        74457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       164897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       164897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       164897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       164897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123766.644058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123766.644058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 130884.980392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130884.980392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123964.483379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123964.483379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123964.483379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123964.483379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     52031312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52031312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     52031312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52031312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     52031312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52031312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100835.875969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100835.875969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100835.875969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100835.875969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100835.875969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100835.875969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
