
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.111578                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                111578336316                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               639353712861                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 307330                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   389215                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1963238                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67757016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56833.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17466758025                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22120604709                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1533696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2319744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      4431488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2380544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1106432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2383872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1105792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1105664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2384000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4421888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4430336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2320896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1105152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2323328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3729024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4435072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             41595648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11155584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11155584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        18123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        34621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        18598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         8644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        18624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         8639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        18625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        34546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        34612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        18132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         8634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        18151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        29133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        34649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                324966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           87153                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                87153                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13745464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        37857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20790272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     39716384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        44740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21335181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        43593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      9916190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        44740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21365008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      9910454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        43593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9909307                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21366155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39630345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     39706059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        39004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20800597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      9904718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        39004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20822393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        44740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     33420681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     39748504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               372793226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        37857                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        49329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        44740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        43593                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        44740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        43593                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        42446                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47034                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        39004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        39004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        44740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             705513                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          99979838                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               99979838                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          99979838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13745464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        37857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20790272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        49329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     39716384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        44740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21335181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        43593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      9916190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        44740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21365008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      9910454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        43593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9909307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        42446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21366155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        47034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39630345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     39706059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        39004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20800597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      9904718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        39004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20822393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        44740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     33420681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        45887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     39748504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              472773065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20643116                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16889356                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023695                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8657513                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8137890                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92427                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199115616                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            115386388                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20643116                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10274064                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24099235                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5498178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     10889586                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12181497                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024699                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    237552676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      213453441     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1124303      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1784581      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        2420718      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2489730      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        2107888      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1177439      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1753075      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       11241501      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    237552676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077149                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.431232                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      197065704                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     12957028                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24054614                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        27458                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3447867                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3398591                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    141611974                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1952                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3447867                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      197603800                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1759652                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      9944035                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        23550107                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles      1247210                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    141560265                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       185877                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       534799                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    197547525                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    658513333                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    658513333                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171545509                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       26001984                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18735                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         3699824                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13262726                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7183623                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84604                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1735062                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        141400686                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35728                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       134420615                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18372                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15419168                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36721716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1720                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237552676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180622207     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23452764      9.87%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11870584      5.00%     90.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8911871      3.75%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7012057      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2836912      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1790088      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931790      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124403      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237552676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25253     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81843     36.62%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116367     52.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113060608     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001326      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16862      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12180950      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7160869      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    134420615                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.502368                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223463                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    506635740                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156856126                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132397460                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    134644078                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273170                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2118445                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          547                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94020                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3447867                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1457312                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121815                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141436556                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13262726                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7183623                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18740                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102632                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          547                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180941                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131761                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2312702                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132557121                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11462266                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1863493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           18622862                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18844329                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7160596                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.495404                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            132397682                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           132397460                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        75997231                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204775686                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.494807                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000006                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123048947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18387610                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2049200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234104809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183595595     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25045334     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9453631      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4507240      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3814504      1.63%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2181110      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1894161      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       859773      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2753461      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234104809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123048947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18233884                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11144281                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17743911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110865559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2533833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2753461                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          372787216                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         286321045                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3020344                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              30021273                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123048947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.675739                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.675739                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.373728                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.373728                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      596624679                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184430740                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     131274053                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33978                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       18374881                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16397931                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1465214                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12299994                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11968085                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1109356                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44772                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193993416                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            104316436                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          18374881                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     13077441                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23262044                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       4794223                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      7893794                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11738523                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1438301                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    228469995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      205207951     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3536389      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1797062      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3501336      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1130796      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3240803      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         513531      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         828702      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        8713425      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    228469995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068672                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.389860                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      192152830                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      9778758                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23216034                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        18932                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3303440                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1744017                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        17302                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    116766797                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        32705                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3303440                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      192362150                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       6315970                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2797516                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23008672                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       682240                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    116597648                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        91979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       520695                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    152897894                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    528541131                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    528541131                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    124099677                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       28798195                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        15753                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7979                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1574850                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     20964049                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3431492                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22696                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       778963                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        115994073                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15808                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       108660387                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71023                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20835529                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42645175                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228469995                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475600                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180828152     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15019870      6.57%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15943642      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9217200      4.03%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4777181      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1198755      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1424659      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33108      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27428      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228469995                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183002     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75215     23.52%     80.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61612     19.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85250955     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       856386      0.79%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7775      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19142459     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3402812      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    108660387                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.406095                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319829                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002943                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446181621                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136845692                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105907495                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    108980216                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86565                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4258906                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          119                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          289                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        77673                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3303440                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       5542209                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81721                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116009965                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14484                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20964049                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3431492                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7973                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39144                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2191                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          289                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       989391                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       564213                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1553604                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107276721                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18864196                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1383666                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           22266828                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16303807                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3402632                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.400924                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            105931665                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           105907495                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        64074853                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       139837932                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.395806                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.458208                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84354502                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     95028084                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20986559                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15683                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1455957                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225166555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189757506     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13935037      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8928174      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2814084      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4657285      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       913778      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       579409      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       530293      0.24%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3050989      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225166555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     84354502                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     95028084                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20058962                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            16705143                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              7824                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         14574915                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        83064027                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1193844                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3050989                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          338129897                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         235335315                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4324917                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              39103954                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          84354502                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            95028084                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     84354502                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.172017                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.172017                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.315257                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.315257                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      498546697                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     138066872                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     123908251                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        15670                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              267572709                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       18081885                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16316346                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       946660                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6737115                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6461702                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         996634                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41765                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191780350                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            113635106                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          18081885                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      7458336                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            22474871                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       2990706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     26908926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11001728                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       950469                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    243187363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      220712492     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         801295      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1636901      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         699363      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        3731610      1.53%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3332469      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         641399      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1348399      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10283435      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    243187363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067577                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.424689                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      189797474                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     28906881                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        22391157                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        71895                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      2019951                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1587135                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          501                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    133251777                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2805                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      2019951                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      190050967                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles      26875198                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1169750                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        22239870                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       831620                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    133179716                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       426177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       275399                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5009                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    156365323                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    627221137                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    627221137                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    138588502                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       17776747                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        15457                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1941030                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     31416910                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores     15883095                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       145777                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       772259                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        132918970                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15503                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       127697749                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73582                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10363576                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24998000                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           91                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243187363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197323947     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14003254      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11332494      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4898448      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6117559      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5792883      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3293995      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       262722      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162061      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243187363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        321956     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2454636     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71750      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80112042     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1115542      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7646      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30617698     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15844821     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    127697749                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.477245                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2848342                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022305                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501504785                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143301332                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126607889                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    130546091                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       228985                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1231884                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          487                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3288                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100210                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11256                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      2019951                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles      26226983                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       251480                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132934567                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1264                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31416910                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15883095                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7809                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       155516                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           98                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3288                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       549252                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       561233                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1110485                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126808182                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30518514                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       889567                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           46361754                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       16618278                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores         15843240                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.473920                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            126611185                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           126607889                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        68404889                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       135081002                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.473172                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.506399                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102864371                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    120882970                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12066096                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15412                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       967381                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241167412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    197160530     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16198141      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7542893      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7415600      3.07%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2056424      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8485537      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       647862      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       471710      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1188715      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241167412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    102864371                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    120882970                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             45967886                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            30185014                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              7694                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15963731                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       107493834                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1171038                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1188715                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          372927451                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         267918335                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4115965                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              24385346                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         102864371                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           120882970                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    102864371                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.601219                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.601219                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.384435                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.384435                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      626872231                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     147027723                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     158631643                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        15388                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              267573944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19638808                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16104331                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1922810                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8060944                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7662589                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2013043                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85844                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187411968                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            111671654                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19638808                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9675632                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24554231                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5478327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     17628004                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11550008                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1912718                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    233115405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      208561174     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        2662974      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        3078032      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        1690839      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1941855      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1070660      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         730916      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1903305      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11475650      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    233115405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.073396                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.417349                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      185874039                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     19194494                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24349464                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles       194175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3503232                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3188643                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        17972                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    136307642                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        89408                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3503232                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      186173342                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       6425857                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     11931080                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24251913                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       829972                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    136224692                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       210877                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       384830                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           17                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    189292164                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    634248441                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    634248441                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    161504376                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       27787788                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        35627                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19877                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2228517                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13005086                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7084757                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       185018                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1574458                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        135997433                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35694                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       128465135                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       182263                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17088768                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39593647                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3974                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233115405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178995044     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21757683      9.33%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11694201      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8105968      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7080276      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3618367      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       880100      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562521      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       421245      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233115405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33559     12.14%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118545     42.90%     55.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124245     44.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107527609     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2009015      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15728      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11879881      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7032902      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    128465135                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.480111                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276349                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002151                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490504287                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153123108                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126325578                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    128741484                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       321380                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2303295                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          814                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1215                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       160274                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7866                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4512                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3503232                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       5951759                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       141788                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136033247                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        71645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13005086                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7084757                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19851                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99657                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1215                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1112525                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1081746                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2194271                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126570485                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11156788                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1894650                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18187975                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17705532                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7031187                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473030                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            126327411                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           126325578                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        75076235                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       196662683                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.472115                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381751                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94840671                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    116357852                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19676674                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31720                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1933896                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229612173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182076217     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22042689      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9240229      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5553996      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3839703      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2482474      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1288552      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1036281      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2052032      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229612173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     94840671                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    116357852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             17626274                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10701791                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             15826                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         16652663                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       104901425                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2367303                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2052032                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          363594030                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         275572359                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2873273                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              34458539                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          94840671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           116357852                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     94840671                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.821300                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.821300                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.354447                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.354447                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      570922960                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     175318639                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     127213922                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        31690                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       23210957                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19330192                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2114890                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9150482                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8511668                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2500602                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98485                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202176583                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            127358209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          23210957                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     11012270                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            26555152                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5871796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     18095776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12554793                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2021375                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    250566732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      224011580     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1626813      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2063834      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3276288      1.31%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1365481      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1762492      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        2058030      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         936972      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       13465242      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    250566732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086746                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.475974                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      200994433                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     19393402                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        26429387                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        12163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3737340                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3527572                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          518                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    155645628                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2522                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3737340                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      201197420                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        645010                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     18184830                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        26238960                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       563166                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    154685663                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        81062                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       393306                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    216093642                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    719408953                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    719408953                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    180951857                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       35141785                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        38199                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20253                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1980952                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     14465547                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7568463                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84598                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1710837                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        151037822                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       144969533                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143164                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18236002                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36992282                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250566732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189131478     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28036361     11.19%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11445243      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6413561      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8700636      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2674687      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2638116      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1415872      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110778      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250566732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1000013     79.21%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133269     10.56%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129227     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122138668     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1982209      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17945      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13286243      9.16%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7544468      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    144969533                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.541792                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1262509                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008709                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541911471                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169312849                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141196648                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    146232042                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106651                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2704414                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          693                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94861                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            6                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3737340                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        491668                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62534                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    151076160                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117041                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14465547                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7568463                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20254                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54626                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          693                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1260262                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1177483                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2437745                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142441371                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13067127                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2528162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           20611132                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       20143757                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7544005                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.532344                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            141196933                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           141196648                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        84602606                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       227297078                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.527692                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372212                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105274256                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    129722776                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21353959                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36194                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2132925                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246829392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191920546     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27825695     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10104788      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5035068      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4605158      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1936504      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1911060      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       911795      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2578778      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246829392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    105274256                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    129722776                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             19234735                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11761133                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             18056                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18803325                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       116792498                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2678792                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2578778                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          395326621                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         305890821                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3067203                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              17007217                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         105274256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           129722776                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    105274256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.541685                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.541685                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393440                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393440                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      640968781                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     197320183                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     143975138                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        36164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19624929                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16092003                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1923365                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8142317                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7665306                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2014425                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86479                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187425948                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            111567304                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19624929                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9679731                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24539677                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5465100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     17756720                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11549093                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1912797                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    233229837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      208690160     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        2662429      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        3076757      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        1692000      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1942486      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1074351      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         731053      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1899739      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11460862      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    233229837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073344                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.416959                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      185892100                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     19319125                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24335179                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       193916                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3489516                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3186877                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        17976                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    136186366                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        89280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3489516                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      186190189                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       6304077                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     12179679                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24238632                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       827735                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    136102402                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       211443                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       383006                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    189129133                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    633665477                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    633665477                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    161517056                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       27612066                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        35914                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2219083                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12998915                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7080600                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186431                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1573514                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        135881025                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36000                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       128433025                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       181590                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16963880                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39162487                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4275                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233229837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550672                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179112365     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21765218      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11700553      5.02%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8093384      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7075071      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3618715      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       879729      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       564100      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420702      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233229837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33853     12.27%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117693     42.64%     54.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124440     45.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107501351     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2007221      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15730      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11879640      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7029083      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    128433025                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.479991                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            275986                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490553463                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152882127                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126293640                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    128709011                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       324177                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2296261                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          786                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1223                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       155541                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7866                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4403                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3489516                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       5831040                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       142424                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135917147                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        69567                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12998915                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7080600                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100127                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1223                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1115119                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1079557                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2194676                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126537616                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11158496                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1895409                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18186058                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17704738                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7027562                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.472907                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            126295570                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           126293640                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        75059853                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       196578589                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.471995                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381831                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94848223                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    116367073                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19551474                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31725                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1934483                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229740321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506516                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322897                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182199854     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22044080      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9241385      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5555404      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3839966      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2484225      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1287204      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1035826      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2052377      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229740321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     94848223                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    116367073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             17627708                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10702649                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16653964                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       104909750                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2367486                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2052377                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          363605854                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         275326692                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2873767                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              34344112                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          94848223                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           116367073                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     94848223                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.821075                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.821075                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.354475                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.354475                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      570794857                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     175274302                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     127108504                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        31696                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       23186054                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19306893                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2109665                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9129213                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8499576                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2497799                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98584                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201950694                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            127226683                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          23186054                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10997375                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            26528800                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5855248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     18406962                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2859                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12537907                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2016051                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    250615951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      224087151     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1626580      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2058633      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3271546      1.31%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1370150      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1761702      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        2055002      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         936531      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13448656      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    250615951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086653                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.475482                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      200770450                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     19704262                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        26402831                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        12357                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3726044                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3526148                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          511                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    155481497                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2841                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3726044                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      200973221                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        645777                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles     18495209                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        26212549                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       563145                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    154519742                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        81305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       393402                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    215859756                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    718626929                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    718626929                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    180816960                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       35042796                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        38150                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20218                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1984855                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     14446061                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7563375                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84534                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1708411                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        150876713                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38279                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       144831306                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141487                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18170786                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36852221                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2113                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250615951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189234761     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28008740     11.18%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11442760      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6406184      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8695138      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2669174      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2632870      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1415740      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110584      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250615951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        998147     79.21%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132897     10.55%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129144     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122020009     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1981087      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17931      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13272507      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7539772      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    144831306                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.541276                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1260188                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008701                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541680238                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169086462                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141068537                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    146091494                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106890                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2693691                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          686                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95343                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3726044                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        491616                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62831                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150914998                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117796                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14446061                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7563375                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20219                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        55068                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           65                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          686                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1255993                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1174736                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2430729                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142310716                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13056317                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2520590                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           20595631                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       20127849                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7539314                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.531856                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            141068830                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           141068537                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        84527554                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       227065431                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.527213                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372261                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105195755                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    129626093                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21289586                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36166                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2127695                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246889907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192023217     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27803855     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10096219      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5033027      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4600803      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1935144      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1909292      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910765      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2577585      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246889907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    105195755                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    129626093                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             19220402                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11752370                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             18042                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         18789309                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       116705469                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2676807                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2577585                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          395227273                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         305557415                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3061106                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              16957998                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         105195755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           129626093                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    105195755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.543581                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.543581                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.393146                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.393146                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      640376017                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     197135951                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     143832698                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        36136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       23195172                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19316907                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2112703                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9155820                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8507544                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2498790                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98437                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202066177                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            127271890                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          23195172                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     11006334                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            26537552                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5863568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     18251499                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12546532                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2019539                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    250588393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      224050841     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1625432      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2064965      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3274033      1.31%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1363920      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1759483      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        2057568      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         936397      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       13455754      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    250588393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086687                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.475651                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      200884575                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     19548340                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        26411823                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        12363                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3731285                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3525155                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          517                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    155537735                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2530                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3731285                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      201087269                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        646268                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     18339079                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        26221729                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       562757                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    154578855                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        81374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       392631                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    215954307                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    718912644                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    718912644                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    180872403                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       35081901                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        38147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20209                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1981968                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     14451620                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7564615                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84783                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1709680                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        150938337                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38277                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       144884593                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141881                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18199316                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36900173                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2099                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250588393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189182123     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28026757     11.18%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11440050      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6412476      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8692984      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2672822      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2634381      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1416424      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110376      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250588393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        998662     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133015     10.55%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129198     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122066213     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1981312      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17937      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13277933      9.16%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7541198      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    144884593                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.541475                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1260875                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008703                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541760335                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169176626                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    141118115                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    146145468                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       107539                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2695661                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           41                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          697                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94308                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3731285                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        492016                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150976618                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116848                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14451620                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7564615                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        54748                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          697                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1259332                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1175582                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2434914                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142361007                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13060502                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2523586                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           20601246                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       20132603                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7540744                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.532044                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            141118395                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           141118115                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        84556376                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       227164464                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.527399                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372225                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105227993                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    129665759                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21311477                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36178                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2130749                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246857108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191974098     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27811504     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10100794      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5032941      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4602819      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1935357      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1909820      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       911337      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2578438      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246857108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    105227993                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    129665759                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             19226266                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11755959                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             18048                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18795046                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       116741178                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2677617                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2578438                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          395255178                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         305685769                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3064096                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              16985556                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         105227993                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           129665759                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    105227993                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.542802                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.542802                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393267                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393267                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      640610972                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     197214086                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     143881975                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        36148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19635528                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16100497                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1920189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8110463                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7664812                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2015015                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        86500                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    187392540                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            111629653                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19635528                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9679827                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24546876                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5463348                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     17557304                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11545823                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1909582                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    233006099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      208459223     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        2661356      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        3075694      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        1689854      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1945918      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1071704      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         730218      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1903620      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11468512      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    233006099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.073384                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.417192                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      185862611                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     19116243                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24344506                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles       191378                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3491360                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3189042                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        18020                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    136258326                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        89411                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3491360                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      186159139                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       6450290                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     11834484                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24247322                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       823495                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    136174258                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       211548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       381119                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    189228631                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    634017554                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    634017554                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    161546241                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       27682385                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        35492                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19746                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2207853                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13004953                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7084268                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186499                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1574471                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        135949667                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35561                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       128460703                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183819                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17016990                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39380679                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3833                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    233006099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    178879201     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21766735      9.34%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11696394      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8103124      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7078564      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3620401      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       877152      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       563589      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       420939      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    233006099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33652     12.18%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118321     42.82%     55.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       124355     45.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107518993     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2009349      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15733      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11884223      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7032405      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    128460703                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.480094                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            276328                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002151                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490387652                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153003434                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126325142                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    128737031                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       323705                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2300392                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          784                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1219                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       157989                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7866                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4067                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3491360                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       5979522                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       142599                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135985347                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        70378                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13004953                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7084268                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19714                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100216                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1219                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1111749                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1079628                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2191377                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126568351                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11160169                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1892352                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18191007                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17709223                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7030838                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473022                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            126326909                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           126325142                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        75077577                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       196635160                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.472113                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381812                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     94865241                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    116388026                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19598762                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31728                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1931139                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229514739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    181964097     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22050842      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9243947      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5554111      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3841852      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2482546      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1288212      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1035509      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2053623      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229514739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     94865241                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    116388026                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             17630837                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10704558                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             15830                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16656998                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       104928624                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2367922                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2053623                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          363447267                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         275465019                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2870783                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              34567850                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          94865241                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           116388026                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     94865241                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.820569                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.820569                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.354538                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.354538                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      570926307                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     175319059                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     127175971                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        31698                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       18018094                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16262265                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       942651                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6799878                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6446674                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         992876                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41732                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191129197                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            113203680                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          18018094                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      7439550                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            22395062                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       2974579                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     27131169                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        10963523                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       946633                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    242665082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.846987                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      220270020     90.77%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         795706      0.33%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1639861      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         698751      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        3718284      1.53%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3313878      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         642917      0.26%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1339889      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       10245776      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    242665082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067339                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.423074                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      189126054                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     29147364                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        22312040                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        71744                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      2007875                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1577960                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          498                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    132754657                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2831                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      2007875                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      189381097                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles      27154714                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1121652                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        22159208                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       840529                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    132680956                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          537                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       431552                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       277059                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7140                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    155755132                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    624843926                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    624843926                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    138116202                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       17638805                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        15369                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7745                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1945119                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     31301997                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     15834956                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       144895                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       769060                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        132424727                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15413                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       127278791                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77556                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10276193                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24681376                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           53                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    242665082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.314912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    196942070     81.16%     81.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13973180      5.76%     86.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11292447      4.65%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4880548      2.01%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6098241      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5771269      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3283521      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       261810      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       161996      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    242665082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        319740     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2444440     86.21%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71401      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     79843329     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1111122      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7620      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30526337     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15790383     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    127278791                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.475677                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2835581                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022279                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500135797                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142719654                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126185424                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    130114372                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       228588                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1219736                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          490                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3326                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105839                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11216                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      2007875                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles      26499938                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       251550                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132440216                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31301997                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15834956                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7745                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       155801                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          128                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3326                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       550589                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       556369                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1106958                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126391705                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30421654                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       887082                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  76                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           46210494                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       16559310                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         15788840                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.472362                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            126188800                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           126185424                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        68158467                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       134544755                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.471591                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506586                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102513963                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    120470991                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11984040                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15360                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       963309                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240657207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    196793628     81.77%     81.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16146370      6.71%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7519609      3.12%     91.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7395029      3.07%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2046758      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8458777      3.51%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       643262      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       470365      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1183409      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240657207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    102513963                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    120470991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             45811354                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            30082248                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              7668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15909325                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       107127410                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1167009                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1183409                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          371928517                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         266918213                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4101468                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              24908867                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         102513963                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           120470991                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    102513963                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.610122                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.610122                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.383124                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.383124                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      624808546                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     146536294                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     158046991                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        15336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       18085413                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16320926                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       947084                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6741974                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6461365                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         997185                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41630                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191798182                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            113644940                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          18085413                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      7458550                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            22475480                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       2992011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     26737506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11003097                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       950995                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    243035189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      220559709     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         800008      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1637158      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         699247      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        3731222      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3332503      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         641661      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1350186      0.56%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10283495      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    243035189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067590                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.424723                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      189862247                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     28688479                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        22391838                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        71850                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      2020770                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1586080                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          486                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    133263813                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2789                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      2020770                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      190114785                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles      26673443                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1157086                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        22240337                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       828761                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    133191316                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       421303                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       275185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5593                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    156386670                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    627265990                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    627265990                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    138588924                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       17797656                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        15444                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7795                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1930882                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     31416374                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     15882367                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       145278                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       774501                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        132927522                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15489                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       127704690                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73132                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10367961                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25001287                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           77                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243035189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197186517     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13993764      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11323435      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4893853      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6115481      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5799038      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3298645      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       262135      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162321      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243035189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        321415     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2458217     86.21%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71664      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80119811     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1115376      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7646      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30617247     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15844610     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    127704690                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.477269                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2851296                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022327                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501368997                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143314277                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126612836                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    130555986                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       228559                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1231302                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          486                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3313                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11257                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          109                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      2020770                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles      26038873                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       245703                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132943089                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1810                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31416374                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15882367                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7795                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       152727                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           96                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3313                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       549457                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       561845                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1111302                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126813435                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30518435                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       891255                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  78                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           46361524                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16618178                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         15843089                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.473938                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            126616212                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           126612836                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        68409374                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       135074608                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.473188                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506456                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102864722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    120883330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12074525                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15412                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       967776                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241014419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320184                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    197012523     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16193323      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7541363      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7416463      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2050426      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8492738      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       647961      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       472244      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1187378      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241014419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    102864722                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    120883330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             45967963                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            30185063                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7694                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15963776                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       107494154                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1171040                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1187378                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          372784584                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         267936708                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4120064                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              24538760                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         102864722                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           120883330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    102864722                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.601222                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.601222                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.384435                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.384435                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      626893545                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     147041737                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     158640995                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        15388                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18371050                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16394027                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1464000                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12288938                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11965282                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1108939                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44784                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193984435                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            104307860                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18371050                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     13074221                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23258698                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       4791598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      7816527                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11736729                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1437141                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    228378979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      205120281     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        3537621      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1795281      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3500548      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1130770      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3239552      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         512862      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         829330      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        8712734      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    228378979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068658                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.389828                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      192143975                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      9701553                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23212676                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        18754                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3302020                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1743572                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        17299                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    116749921                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        32686                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3302020                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      192353564                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       6241881                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2794662                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23005059                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       681786                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    116580545                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          237                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        91406                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       520957                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    152871017                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    528459449                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    528459449                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    124093577                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       28777419                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        15748                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7975                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1573871                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     20961501                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      3431998                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21882                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       777255                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        115979655                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15804                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       108647846                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70482                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20824551                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42628090                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228378979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    180742244     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15019122      6.58%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15941464      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9213157      4.03%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4780979      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1197795      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1423579      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33152      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27487      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228378979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        182612     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75100     23.52%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61630     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85238914     78.45%     78.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       856426      0.79%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7775      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19141693     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3403038      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    108647846                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.406048                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319342                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002939                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446064494                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136820298                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105898360                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    108967188                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        85798                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4256748                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          293                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78416                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3302020                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       5468726                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81775                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    115995538                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14822                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20961501                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3431998                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7971                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39239                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2172                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          293                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       987935                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       563677                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1551612                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107268926                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18866214                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1378919                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           22269071                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16303643                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          3402857                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.400895                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            105923047                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           105898360                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        64068379                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       139794914                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.395772                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.458303                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84350973                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     95023715                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20976491                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15681                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1454755                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225076959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    189669835     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13933216      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8927470      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2814758      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4656930      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       915134      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       579229      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       530575      0.24%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3049812      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225076959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     84350973                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     95023715                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20058335                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            16704753                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              7824                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         14574270                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        83060093                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1193745                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3049812                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          338027041                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         235305034                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4323650                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              39194970                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          84350973                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            95023715                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     84350973                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.172150                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.172150                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.315244                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.315244                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      498511110                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     138048752                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     123900685                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        15666                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       23171720                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19295531                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2109140                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9106799                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8490365                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2496240                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        98406                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201817690                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            127150904                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          23171720                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10986605                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            26511009                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5854877                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     18542601                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12530421                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2015865                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    250600968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      224089959     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1625781      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2054317      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3269254      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1370873      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1759204      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        2054460      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         936263      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       13440857      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    250600968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086599                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.475199                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      200639076                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     19837984                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        26385484                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        12199                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3726218                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3523460                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          513                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    155390109                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2870                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3726218                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      200840794                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        644181                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     18632395                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        26196073                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       561301                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    154432210                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        81012                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       392253                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    215737657                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    718213662                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    718213662                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    180687566                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       35050091                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        38129                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20209                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1977904                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     14438711                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7557529                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84107                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1707653                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        150785420                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        38260                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       144737903                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142356                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18172825                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36869668                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250600968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189261906     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27990192     11.17%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11432668      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6402030      2.55%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8687766      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2668960      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2632133      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1414881      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       110432      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250600968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        997571     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133131     10.57%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129036     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121940567     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1979819      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17919      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13265653      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7533945      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    144737903                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.540927                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1259738                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008704                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541478868                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168997188                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    140974192                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    145997641                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       106002                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2694759                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          685                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94843                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3726218                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        490384                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        62835                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150823686                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       117511                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14438711                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7557529                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        55029                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          685                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1255939                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1174175                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2430114                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    142217033                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13047971                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2520870                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           20581468                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       20113421                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7533497                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.531506                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            140974478                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           140974192                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        84468648                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       226913736                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.526861                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372250                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105120485                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    129533310                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21291021                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        36142                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2127153                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246874750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343305                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192047585     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27783872     11.25%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10089185      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5028954      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4597396      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1933703      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908000      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       910333      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2575722      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246874750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    105120485                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    129533310                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             19206638                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11743952                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             18030                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         18775847                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       116621950                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2674893                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2575722                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          395122631                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         305374893                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3059579                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              16972981                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         105120485                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           129533310                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    105120485                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.545403                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.545403                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.392865                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.392865                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      639949909                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     197007094                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     143744073                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        36112                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       18400942                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16420953                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1468781                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12323645                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11985055                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1111279                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44766                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194323109                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            104475954                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          18400942                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     13096334                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23297390                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       4805744                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      7826598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11758877                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1441784                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    228775785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      205478395     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        3541716      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1798461      0.79%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3505649      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1134511      0.50%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3245018      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         514991      0.23%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         830204      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        8726840      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    228775785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.068770                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.390456                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      192482124                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      9712408                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23251012                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        18877                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3311363                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1746244                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        17326                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    116948945                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        32732                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3311363                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      192691675                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       6258091                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      2788814                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23043346                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       682489                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    116777139                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        91344                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       521485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    153126176                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    529369912                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    529369912                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    124275046                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       28851130                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        15765                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7979                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1575237                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     20998312                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      3437585                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23069                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       781472                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        116175375                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15822                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       108820213                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70818                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20882647                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42770111                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228775785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181063616     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15042751      6.58%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15964758      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9231349      4.04%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4787525      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1199182      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1425837      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33269      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        27498      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228775785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        182837     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75264     23.53%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61714     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85376260     78.46%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       857487      0.79%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7787      0.01%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19170767     17.62%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3407912      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    108820213                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.406692                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319815                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002939                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446806844                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137074110                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106061315                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    109140028                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86163                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4269903                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          118                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          271                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        78996                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3311363                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       5482752                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        82130                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116191277                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14763                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20998312                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3437585                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7978                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39486                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2164                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          271                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       991802                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       565194                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1556996                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107434105                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18892663                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1386108                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  80                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           22300372                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       16326836                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          3407709                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.401512                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            106085962                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           106061315                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        64167769                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       140046525                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.396381                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.458189                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84473240                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     95162094                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21033847                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15704                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1459523                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225464422                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    190005639     84.27%     84.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13952746      6.19%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8941505      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2819253      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4663590      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       915606      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580608      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531259      0.24%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3054216      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225464422                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     84473240                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     95162094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             20086998                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            16728409                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              7836                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         14595418                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        83181243                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1195537                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      3054216                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          338605835                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         235705841                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4333053                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              38798164                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          84473240                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            95162094                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     84473240                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.167559                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.167559                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.315701                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.315701                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      499279612                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     138263867                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     124095795                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        15688                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18836106                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15404337                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1841156                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7851271                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7436662                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1936950                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        81765                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182875819                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            106862252                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18836106                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9373612                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            22401124                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5351381                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      8351689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11246143                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1852941                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    217098152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      194697028     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1217933      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1922895      0.89%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3054626      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1264160      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1415355      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1508213      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         984046      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11033896      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    217098152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070396                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.399375                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      181142095                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     10099064                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        22331569                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        56374                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3469046                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3088059                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          453                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    130488366                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2913                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3469046                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      181420318                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2046154                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      7229193                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        22114751                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       818686                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    130403723                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        29444                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       223019                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       301098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        60049                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    181036504                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    606609532                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    606609532                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    154560724                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       26475771                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        33753                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18809                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2406879                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     12430107                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6682813                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       201946                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1521628                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        130219720                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33852                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       123290633                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       154995                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16421524                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36537645                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3708                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217098152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    165076515     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20900228      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11421676      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7779932      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7268343      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2087340      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1630408      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       554943      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       378767      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217098152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28628     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86872     38.30%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111306     49.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    103281504     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1948826      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14943      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11397371      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6647989      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    123290633                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.460772                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            226806                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    464061219                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    146676431                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121312615                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    123517439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       375379                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2229036                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          354                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1362                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       198018                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7650                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3469046                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1266650                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       110049                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130253710                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12430107                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6682813                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18796                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80714                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1362                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1077654                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1049522                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2127176                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    121537890                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10720999                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1752743                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           17367449                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17108818                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6646450                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.454222                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            121313432                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           121312615                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        70929786                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       185272755                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.453380                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382840                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90788172                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    111283065                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18971155                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30144                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1880515                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213629106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    168452966     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21878560     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8517622      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4589832      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3434799      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1918211      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1184569      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1058276      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2594271      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213629106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     90788172                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    111283065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             16685863                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            10201068                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             15038                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15974171                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       100274371                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2260671                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2594271                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          341288444                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         263977705                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2962852                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              50475797                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          90788172                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           111283065                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     90788172                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.947234                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.947234                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.339301                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.339301                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      548079772                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     168151613                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     121722754                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        30118                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              267573949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18085031                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16319940                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       944913                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6862590                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6468859                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         999249                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41921                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191921139                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            113655511                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18085031                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      7468108                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            22479322                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       2976136                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     26738131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11007393                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       949009                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    243147267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      220667945     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         800916      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1641787      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         699621      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        3731664      1.53%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3332705      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         645942      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1346001      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10280686      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    243147267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.067589                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.424763                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      189941328                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     28731177                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        22396020                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        71830                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      2006907                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1586438                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          483                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    133253375                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2760                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      2006907                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      190193883                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles      26711435                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1153695                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        22244846                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       836494                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    133181678                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         3005                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       426773                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       276008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9270                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    156359301                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    627239063                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    627239063                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    138714186                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       17645077                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        15457                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7802                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1934714                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     31426014                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores     15896699                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       145440                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       771071                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        132924611                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       127777164                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72196                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10250401                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24628870                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           76                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    243147267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197251167     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14019833      5.77%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11342832      4.67%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4895090      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6115472      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5799653      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3298797      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       261922      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       162501      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    243147267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        321379     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2455914     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        71759      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80148283     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1116126      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7652      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     30646264     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15858839     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    127777164                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.477540                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2849052                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022297                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    501622843                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143193830                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126691461                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    130626216                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       229922                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1210681                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          497                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3320                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98119                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11271                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          164                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      2006907                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles      26064201                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       250523                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132940202                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2097                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     31426014                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15896699                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7802                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       155511                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          103                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3320                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       551096                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       557531                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1108627                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126891193                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     30548422                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       885971                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           46405722                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       16630151                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores         15857300                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.474229                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            126694832                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           126691461                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        68442351                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       135089064                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.473482                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506646                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102960811                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    120995577                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11959244                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15428                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       965701                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241140360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    197092199     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16211631      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7548976      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7427371      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2054646      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8498705      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       645385      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       472114      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1189333      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241140360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    102960811                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    120995577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             46013913                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            30215333                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              7702                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15978412                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       107593811                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1171972                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1189333                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          372905536                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         267916727                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4119112                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              24426682                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         102960811                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           120995577                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    102960811                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.598794                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.598794                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.384794                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.384794                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      627327018                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     147122347                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     158695726                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        15404                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        12026                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.439139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         193492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        14074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        13.748188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.917637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     5.046592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1518.463871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         497.011040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.002464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.741437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.242681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 28739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                9231                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  28895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28893                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 28895                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               12023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                12023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11983                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               12023                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9969448780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10033766697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9969448780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    10033766697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64317917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9969448780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   10033766697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             40762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            9231                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              40918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             40918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.294956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.293832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.293832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 831966.016857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 834547.675040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 831966.016857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 834547.675040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1607947.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 831966.016857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 834547.675040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5258                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           12022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        11982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          12022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8917107772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8977912256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8917107772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8977912256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     60804484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8917107772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8977912256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.294253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 744208.627274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746790.239228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 744208.627274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746790.239228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1520112.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 744208.627274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 746790.239228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        18157                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.839780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         158836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        20205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         7.861222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.641191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.424309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1659.987285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         356.786994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.810541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.174212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 34373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6185                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                6185                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  34440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34439                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 34440                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               18156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                18156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18123                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               18156                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56881733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14487630227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14544511960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56881733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14487630227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    14544511960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56881733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14487630227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   14544511960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        52495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             52529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6185                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            6185                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        52562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              52596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        52562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             52596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1723688.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 799405.740054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 801085.699493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1723688.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 799405.740054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 801085.699493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1723688.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 799405.740054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 801085.699493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               2416                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    2416                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           18156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          18156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53983606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12895780463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12949764069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53983606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12895780463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12949764069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53983606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  12895780463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12949764069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1635866.848485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 711569.853943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713249.838566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1635866.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 711569.853943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713249.838566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1635866.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 711569.853943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713249.838566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        34664                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.938622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         203069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        36712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         5.531407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.629454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     1.950541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1819.842637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         222.515990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.888595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.108650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 40598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12941                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               12941                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  40627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40626                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 40627                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               34622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                34666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34623                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               34666                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78585678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32666603199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32745188877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     70169472                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     70169472                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78585678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32736772671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    32815358349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78585678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32736772671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   32815358349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        75176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             75220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12941                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           12941                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        75249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              75293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        75249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             75293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.459974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.602740                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.602740                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1827573.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 944694.849446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945791.371873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1594760.727273                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1594760.727273                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1827573.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 945520.973659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946615.079588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1827573.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 945520.973659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946615.079588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               5436                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    5436                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           34666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        34623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          34666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74810278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29630362489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29705172767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     66305390                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66305390                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74810278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29696667879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29771478157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74810278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29696667879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29771478157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.459974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.602740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.460112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1739773.906977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 856888.935163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857985.464936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1506940.681818                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1506940.681818                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1739773.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 857715.041418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858809.154705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1739773.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 857715.041418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858809.154705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        18649                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.522811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         229324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        20697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        11.080060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.076783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.816615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1652.773535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         359.855878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.807018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.175711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 34605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               18911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  34754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34753                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 34754                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               18630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                18637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18598                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               18637                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     79940467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15822710138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15902650605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5807990                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5807990                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     79940467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15828518128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    15908458595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     79940467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15828518128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   15908458595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        53195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             53235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           18911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        53351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              53391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        53351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             53391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.044872                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.044872                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2049755.564103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 851095.160992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 853604.433977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 829712.857143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829712.857143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2049755.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 851087.113023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 853595.460375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2049755.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 851087.113023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 853595.460375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks              10082                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                   10082                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           18637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          18637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76515426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14190004701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14266520127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5193390                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5193390                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76515426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14195198091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14271713517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76515426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14195198091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14271713517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.348597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1961934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 763272.804099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765782.078744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 741912.857143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741912.857143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1961934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 763264.764545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765773.113538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1961934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 763264.764545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765773.113538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         8682                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.229681                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         216246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        10730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        20.153402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.124402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     5.716663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1395.649977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         607.738639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.681470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.296747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        28179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 28181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8800                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                8800                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        28390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  28392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        28390                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 28392                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                8682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 8682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8644                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                8682                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     89097360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6925684751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7014782111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     89097360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6925684751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     7014782111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     89097360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6925684751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    7014782111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        36823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             36863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8800                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            8800                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        37034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              37074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        37034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             37074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.234745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2344667.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 801212.951296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 807968.453237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2344667.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 801212.951296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 807968.453237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2344667.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 801212.951296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 807968.453237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               4559                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    4559                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            8682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           8682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85760960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6166670064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6252431024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85760960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6166670064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6252431024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85760960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6166670064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6252431024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.234745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2256867.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 713404.681166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720160.219304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2256867.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 713404.681166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720160.219304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2256867.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 713404.681166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720160.219304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        18675                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.533867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         229334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        20723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        11.066641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.970710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.984726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1654.281351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         358.297080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.807755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.174950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 34628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18896                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               18896                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  34776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        34775                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 34776                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               18658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                18663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18624                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               18663                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80314049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15833922630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15914236679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4451464                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4451464                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80314049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15838374094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    15918688143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80314049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15838374094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   15918688143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        53246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             53286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18896                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           18896                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        53399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              53439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        53399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             53439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.032680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.032680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2059334.589744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 850417.456899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 852944.403419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 890292.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 890292.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2059334.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 850428.162264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 852954.409420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2059334.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 850428.162264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 852954.409420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks              10103                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                   10103                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           18663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          18663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76889849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14198914159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14275804008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4012464                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4012464                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76889849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14202926623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14279816472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76889849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14202926623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14279816472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.032680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1971534.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 762603.478114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765130.453854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 802492.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802492.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1971534.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 762614.187232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765140.463591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1971534.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 762614.187232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765140.463591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         8679                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.215603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         216276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        10727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        20.161835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.111661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     6.036250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1395.008238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         608.059454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.681156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.296904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        28201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 28203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8808                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                8808                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        28415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  28417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        28415                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 28417                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                8679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 8679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8639                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                8679                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    103691207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7056214681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7159905888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    103691207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7056214681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     7159905888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    103691207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7056214681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    7159905888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             36882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8808                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            8808                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        37054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              37096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        37054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             37096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.234501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.233146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.233146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2592280.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 816786.049427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 824968.992741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2592280.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 816786.049427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 824968.992741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2592280.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 816786.049427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 824968.992741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            8679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           8679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    100176312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6297435825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6397612137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    100176312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6297435825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6397612137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    100176312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6297435825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6397612137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.234501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.233146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.233146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2504407.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 728954.256858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737137.013135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2504407.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 728954.256858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737137.013135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2504407.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 728954.256858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737137.013135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         8676                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.232264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         216284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        10724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        20.168221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.126856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     5.716776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1395.627763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         607.760869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.681459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.296758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 28212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8807                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                8807                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  28422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        28420                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 28422                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                8676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 8676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                8676                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91922143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7012125120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7104047263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91922143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7012125120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     7104047263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91922143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7012125120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    7104047263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             36888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8807                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            8807                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        37058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              37098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        37058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             37098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.234422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2419003.763158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 811776.466775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818815.959313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2419003.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 811776.466775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818815.959313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2419003.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 811776.466775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818815.959313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    4555                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            8676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           8676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88585743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6253643542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6342229285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88585743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6253643542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6342229285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88585743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6253643542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6342229285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.234422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.233094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2331203.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 723968.921278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731008.446865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2331203.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 723968.921278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731008.446865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2331203.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 723968.921278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731008.446865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        18675                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.542340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         229361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        20723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        11.067944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.960487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.721920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1651.942528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         360.917405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.806613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.176229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 34612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18939                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               18939                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  34760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34759                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 34760                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               18658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                18662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18625                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               18662                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68389246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15895283707                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15963672953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3227336                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3227336                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68389246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15898511043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    15966900289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68389246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15898511043                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   15966900289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        53232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             53270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18939                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           18939                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        53384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              53422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        53384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             53422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.349808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.026316                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.026316                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.348887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.348887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1848358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 853621.379464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855594.005413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       806834                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       806834                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1848358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 853611.331168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 855583.554228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1848358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 853611.331168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 855583.554228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks              10124                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                   10124                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           18662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          18662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65139656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14260037276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14325176932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2876136                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2876136                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65139656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14262913412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14328053068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65139656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14262913412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14328053068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.349808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.026316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.348887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.348887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1760531.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 765804.053273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767776.660521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       719034                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       719034                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1760531.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 765794.008698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767766.213053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1760531.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 765794.008698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767766.213053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        34587                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.938968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         202797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        36635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         5.535608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.555235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     1.900048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1820.703925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         221.779759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.889016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.108291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 40422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12846                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               12846                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  40449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40448                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 40449                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               34542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                34587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34546                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               34587                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83225082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33140171508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   33223396590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     67009481                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67009481                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83225082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33207180989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    33290406071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83225082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33207180989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   33290406071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        74922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             74964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12846                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           12846                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        74994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              75036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        74994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             75036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.460492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.460650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.460650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2029880.048780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 960556.839164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961826.083898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1489099.577778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1489099.577778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2029880.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 961245.324755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 962512.101975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2029880.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 961245.324755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 962512.101975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               5426                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    5426                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           34587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        34546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          34587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79613614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30109290529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30188904143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     63055982                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63055982                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79613614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30172346511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30251960125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     79613614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30172346511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30251960125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.460492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.460650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.460650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1941795.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 872707.762934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873976.728128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1401244.044444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1401244.044444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1941795.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 873396.240115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874662.738168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1941795.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 873396.240115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874662.738168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        34652                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.939090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         203044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        36700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         5.532534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.553059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     1.814714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1819.287327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         223.283990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.888324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.109025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40581                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 40582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12932                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total               12932                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  40610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40609                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 40610                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               34610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                34654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34614                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               34654                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80960912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32561950723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32642911635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     74306821                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     74306821                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80960912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32636257544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    32717218456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80960912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32636257544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   32717218456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        75151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             75192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12932                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total           12932                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        75223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              75264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        75223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             75264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.611111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.611111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2024022.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 941913.529737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943164.161658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1688791.386364                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1688791.386364                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2024022.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 942862.932455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944110.880591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2024022.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 942862.932455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944110.880591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5444                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5444                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           34654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        34614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          34654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77448912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  29526580444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29604029356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     70443621                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70443621                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77448912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  29597024065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29674472977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77448912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  29597024065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29674472977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.611111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.460152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1936222.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 854109.934741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855360.570818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1600991.386364                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1600991.386364                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1936222.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 855059.342029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856307.294309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1936222.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 855059.342029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856307.294309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        18167                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.837782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         158805                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        20215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         7.855800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.640353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.606463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1661.793897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         354.797069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.811423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.173241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 34349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6178                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                6178                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  34417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34416                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 34417                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               18166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                18166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18132                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               18166                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     44238676                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14473165167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14517403843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     44238676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14473165167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    14517403843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     44238676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14473165167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   14517403843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        52480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             52515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6178                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            6178                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        52548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              52583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        52548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             52583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1301137.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 798211.182826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 799152.474017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1301137.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 798211.182826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 799152.474017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1301137.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 798211.182826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 799152.474017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               2417                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    2417                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           18166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          18166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     41250822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12880697129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12921947951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     41250822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12880697129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12921947951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     41250822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12880697129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12921947951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1213259.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 710384.796437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711325.990917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1213259.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 710384.796437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711325.990917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1213259.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 710384.796437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711325.990917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         8674                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.213270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         216218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        10722                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        20.165827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.109556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     6.038669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1394.934251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         608.130794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.681120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.296939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 28162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8791                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                8791                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 214                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  28376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28374                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 28376                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                8674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 8674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8634                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                8674                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     99999121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7121450072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7221449193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     99999121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7121450072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     7221449193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     99999121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7121450072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    7221449193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             36836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8791                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            8791                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        37008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              37050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        37008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             37050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.234658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2499978.025000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824814.694464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 832539.681001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2499978.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824814.694464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 832539.681001                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2499978.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824814.694464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 832539.681001                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               4553                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    4553                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            8674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           8674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96487121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6363117077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6459604198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96487121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6363117077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6459604198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     96487121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6363117077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6459604198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.234658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2412178.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 736983.678133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744708.807701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2412178.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 736983.678133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744708.807701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2412178.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 736983.678133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 744708.807701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        18186                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.836140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         158872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        20234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         7.851735                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.626790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.490759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1661.373544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         355.345047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.811218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.173508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 34407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                6187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  34478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34477                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 34478                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               18185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                18185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18151                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               18185                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60154499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14326869714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14387024213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60154499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14326869714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    14387024213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60154499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14326869714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   14387024213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        52557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             52592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            6187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        52628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              52663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        52628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             52663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1769249.970588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 789315.724423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 791147.880836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1769249.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 789315.724423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 791147.880836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1769249.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 789315.724423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 791147.880836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               2417                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    2417                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          18185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           18185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          18185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57169299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12732815495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12789984794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57169299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12732815495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12789984794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57169299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12732815495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12789984794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.345358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1681449.970588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 701493.884359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703326.081606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1681449.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 701493.884359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703326.081606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1681449.970588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 701493.884359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703326.081606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        29182                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.604137                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         164034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        31230                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         5.252450                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.904929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.697189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1650.762581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         381.239439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.806036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.186152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 36863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7641                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                7641                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  94                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  36957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36956                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 36957                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               29142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                29172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29133                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               29172                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65357423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  26994477683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   27059835106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     25587736                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25587736                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65357423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  27020065419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    27085422842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65357423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  27020065419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   27085422842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        65965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             66005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7641                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            7641                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        66089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              66129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        66089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             66129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.441189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241935                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.440815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.440815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1675831.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 927549.657527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928551.063963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 852924.533333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 852924.533333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1675831.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 927472.811554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 928473.290895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1675831.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 927472.811554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 928473.290895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               4363                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    4363                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          29142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           29172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        29133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          29172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61932113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24438638880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24500570993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     22952991                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22952991                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61932113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24461591871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24523523984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61932113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24461591871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24523523984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.441189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.440815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.440815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1588002.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 839729.199052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840730.594777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 765099.700000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765099.700000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1588002.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 839652.348574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840652.817222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1588002.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 839652.348574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840652.817222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        34689                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.938423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         203118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        36737                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.528976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.535134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     1.804863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1819.284796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         223.313630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.888323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.109040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 40626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               12963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  40653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        40652                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 40653                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               34644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                34689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34649                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               34689                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     73963986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  32642794182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32716758168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     76304934                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     76304934                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     73963986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  32719099116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    32793063102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     73963986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  32719099116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   32793063102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        75229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             75270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           12963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        75301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              75342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        75301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             75342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1849099.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 943324.303029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944370.112227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1695665.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1695665.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1849099.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 944301.397327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945344.723169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1849099.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 944301.397327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945344.723169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               5445                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    5445                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           34689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          34689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70451861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29604297881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29674749742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     72353934                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72353934                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70451861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29676651815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29747103676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70451861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29676651815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29747103676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.459982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.460140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1761296.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 855516.642036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856562.456472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1607865.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1607865.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1761296.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 856493.746284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857537.077344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1761296.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 856493.746284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857537.077344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              515.844996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012189539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1957813.421663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.844996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.065457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12181443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12181443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12181443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80254499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12181497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12181497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12181497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1486194.425926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     64825549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64825549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1543465.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                40876                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166566795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                41132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4049.567125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.161744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.838256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.910788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.089212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8380773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8380773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7056038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15436811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15436811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15436811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       130842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       131766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       131766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44568104157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44568104157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     77659657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77659657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44645763814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44645763814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  44645763814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44645763814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8511615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8511615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15568577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15568577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15568577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340625.366144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340625.366144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 84047.247835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84047.247835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 338826.129760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338826.129760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 338826.129760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338826.129760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            9231                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90890                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11942528076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11942528076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10053590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10053590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11952581666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11952581666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  11952581666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11952581666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 293284.088310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293284.088310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64446.089744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64446.089744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 292410.746306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292410.746306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 292410.746306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292410.746306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              559.207634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              931883507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1661111.420677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    33.190406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.017229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.053190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11738475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11738475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11738475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11738475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11738475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11738475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70310922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70310922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70310922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70310922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     70310922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70310922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11738523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11738523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11738523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11738523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11738523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11738523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1464810.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1464810.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1464810.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1464810.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1464810.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1464810.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57247803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57247803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57247803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57247803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57247803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57247803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1683758.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1683758.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1683758.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1683758.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1683758.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1683758.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                52562                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              223926202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                52818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4239.581241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   203.363501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    52.636499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.794389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.205611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17214943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17214943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3337698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3337698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7906                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7906                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     20552641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       20552641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     20552641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      20552641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       185718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          284                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          284                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       186002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       186002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       186002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       186002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  83364212868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83364212868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     24550293                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24550293                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  83388763161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83388763161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  83388763161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83388763161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17400661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17400661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3337982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3337982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7906                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7906                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     20738643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20738643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     20738643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20738643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 448875.245630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448875.245630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86444.693662                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86444.693662                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 448321.862996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448321.862996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 448321.862996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448321.862996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            6185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       133223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       133440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       133440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        52495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        52562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        52562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16892101777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16892101777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4357975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4357975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16896459752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16896459752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16896459752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16896459752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 321784.965749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321784.965749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 65044.402985                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65044.402985                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 321457.702371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321457.702371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 321457.702371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321457.702371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              581.973383                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1041958430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1775056.950596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    41.787135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   540.186249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.066967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.865683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11001665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11001665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11001665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11001665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11001665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11001665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103956634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103956634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103956634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103956634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103956634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103956634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11001726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11001726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11001726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11001726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11001726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11001726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1704207.114754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1704207.114754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1704207.114754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1167350                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       583675                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79026321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79026321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79026321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79026321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79026321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79026321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1796052.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1796052.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1796052.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                75247                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              446709600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                75503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              5916.448353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.896350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.103650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.437095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.562905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     28788732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28788732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15766976                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15766976                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7722                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7722                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     44555708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       44555708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     44555708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      44555708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       275900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          283                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          283                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       276183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       276183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       276183                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       276183                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 135571064560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135571064560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    288477141                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    288477141                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 135859541701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 135859541701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 135859541701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 135859541701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     29064632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29064632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15767259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15767259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7722                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7722                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     44831891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44831891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     44831891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44831891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 491377.544618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491377.544618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1019353.855124                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1019353.855124                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 491918.552920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491918.552920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 491918.552920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491918.552920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1918677                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1918677                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           12941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       200724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       200934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       200934                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200934                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        75176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        75249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        75249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35726218582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35726218582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     72455836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72455836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35798674418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35798674418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35798674418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35798674418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 475234.364451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475234.364451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 992545.698630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992545.698630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 475736.214674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475736.214674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 475736.214674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475736.214674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              520.261593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1012874099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1940371.837165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.261593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.061317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11549948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11549948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11549948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11549948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11549948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11549948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    135894291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    135894291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    135894291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    135894291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    135894291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    135894291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11550008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11550008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11550008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11550008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11550008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11550008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2264904.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2264904.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2264904.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2264904.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2264904.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2264904.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80339868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80339868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80339868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80339868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80339868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80339868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2008496.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2008496.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2008496.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2008496.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2008496.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2008496.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                53351                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              172049748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                53607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3209.464212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.929307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.070693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.913786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.086214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8143947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8143947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6885067                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6885067                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16849                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15845                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15845                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15029014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15029014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15029014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15029014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       182084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       187538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       187538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       187538                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       187538                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  77210098872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77210098872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3535207471                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3535207471                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  80745306343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80745306343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  80745306343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80745306343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8326031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8326031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6890521                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6890521                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        15845                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15845                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15216552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15216552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15216552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15216552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 424035.603743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424035.603743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 648186.188302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 648186.188302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 430554.374809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430554.374809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 430554.374809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430554.374809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     52311785                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets            94                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 556508.351064                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           18911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       128889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       128889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       134187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       134187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        53195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        53351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        53351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18252548944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18252548944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15553570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15553570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18268102514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18268102514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18268102514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18268102514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343125.273879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343125.273879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99702.371795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99702.371795                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342413.497666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342413.497666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342413.497666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342413.497666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              493.389885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1015654174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2051826.614141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    38.389885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.061522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12554734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12554734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12554734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12554734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12554734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12554734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    138815767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    138815767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    138815767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    138815767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    138815767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    138815767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12554792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12554792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12554792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12554792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12554792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12554792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2393375.293103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2393375.293103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2393375.293103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2393375.293103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2393375.293103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2393375.293103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576936                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576936                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     89547260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89547260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     89547260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89547260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     89547260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89547260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2238681.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2238681.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2238681.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2238681.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2238681.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2238681.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                37034                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              164714479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                37290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4417.121990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.470648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.529352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     10005410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10005410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7434936                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7434936                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19970                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19970                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18082                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18082                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17440346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       17440346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17440346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      17440346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        95113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2135                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2135                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        97248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        97248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        97248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        97248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21141064083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21141064083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    137542871                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137542871                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21278606954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21278606954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21278606954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21278606954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     10100523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10100523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7437071                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7437071                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19970                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19970                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18082                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18082                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17537594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17537594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17537594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17537594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000287                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 222273.128626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222273.128626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64422.890398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64422.890398                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 218807.656240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218807.656240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 218807.656240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218807.656240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        14503                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  2900.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        58290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1924                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1924                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        60214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        60214                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60214                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        37034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        37034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8829797154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8829797154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15407500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15407500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8845204654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8845204654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8845204654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8845204654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 239790.271135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239790.271135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 73021.327014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73021.327014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 238840.110547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238840.110547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 238840.110547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238840.110547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              519.766120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1012873188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1940370.091954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    38.647342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   481.118778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.061935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.771024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11549037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11549037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11549037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11549037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11549037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11549037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    130416551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    130416551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    130416551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    130416551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    130416551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    130416551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11549093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11549093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11549093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11549093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11549093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11549093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2328866.982143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2328866.982143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2328866.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2328866.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2328866.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2328866.982143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80711792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80711792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80711792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80711792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80711792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80711792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2017794.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2017794.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2017794.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2017794.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2017794.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2017794.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                53399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              172048641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                53655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3206.572379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.926708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.073292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.913776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.086224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8142058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8142058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6885608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6885608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17087                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17087                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15027666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15027666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15027666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15027666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       182566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5484                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5484                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       188050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       188050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       188050                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       188050                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  77316802803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77316802803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3527052136                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3527052136                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  80843854939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80843854939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  80843854939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80843854939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8324624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8324624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6891092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6891092                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17087                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17087                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15215716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15215716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15215716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15215716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000796                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000796                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 423500.557623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423500.557623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 643153.197666                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 643153.197666                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 429906.168248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429906.168248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 429906.168248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429906.168248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     50988357                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets           104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 490272.663462                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18896                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           18896                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       129320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       129320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       134651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       134651                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134651                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        53246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        53399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        53399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18265274022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18265274022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14106103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14106103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18279380125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18279380125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18279380125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18279380125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 343035.608722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343035.608722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92196.751634                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92196.751634                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 342316.899661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342316.899661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 342316.899661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342316.899661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              495.049088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1015637284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2043535.782696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    40.049088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.064181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12537844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12537844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12537844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12537844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12537844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12537844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    157098401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157098401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    157098401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    157098401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    157098401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    157098401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12537904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12537904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12537904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12537904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12537904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12537904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2618306.683333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2618306.683333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2618306.683333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2618306.683333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2618306.683333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2618306.683333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1257060                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       314265                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104154163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104154163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104154163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104154163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    104154163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104154163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2479861.023810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2479861.023810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2479861.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2479861.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2479861.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2479861.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                37054                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              164699692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                37310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4414.357867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.467798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.532202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.911984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.088016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9996244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9996244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7429366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7429366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17425610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17425610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17425610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17425610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        95379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        97542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        97542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        97542                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        97542                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21434470677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21434470677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    139516019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139516019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21573986696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21573986696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21573986696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21573986696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     10091623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10091623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7431529                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7431529                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18068                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17523152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17523152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17523152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17523152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 224729.454880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224729.454880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64501.164586                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64501.164586                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221176.382440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221176.382440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221176.382440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221176.382440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            4                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        58539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        60488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        60488                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60488                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8961670895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8961670895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     15593730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15593730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8977264625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8977264625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8977264625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8977264625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 243259.253393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243259.253393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 72867.897196                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72867.897196                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242275.182841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242275.182841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242275.182841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242275.182841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              493.389394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1015645913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2051809.925253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.389394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.061521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12546473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12546473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12546473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12546473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12546473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12546473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    141931612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    141931612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    141931612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    141931612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    141931612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    141931612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12546531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12546531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12546531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12546531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12546531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12546531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2447096.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2447096.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2447096.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2447096.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2447096.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2447096.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576998                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576998                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92384916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92384916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92384916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92384916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     92384916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92384916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2309622.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2309622.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2309622.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2309622.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2309622.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2309622.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                37058                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              164704704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                37314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4414.018974                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.470372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.529628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.911994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.088006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9998930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9998930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7431688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7431688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19931                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19931                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18074                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18074                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17430618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       17430618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17430618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      17430618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        95367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        97471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        97471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        97471                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        97471                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21358402032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21358402032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    135925222                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    135925222                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21494327254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21494327254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21494327254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21494327254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     10094297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10094297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7433792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7433792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19931                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19931                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18074                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18074                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17528089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17528089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17528089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17528089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 223960.091352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223960.091352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64603.242395                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64603.242395                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 220520.229135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220520.229135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 220520.229135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220520.229135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        12539                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  6269.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8807                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8807                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        58519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        60413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        60413                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60413                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8918291311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8918291311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15327566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15327566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8933618877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8933618877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8933618877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8933618877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 242029.182344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242029.182344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 72988.409524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72988.409524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 241071.263344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241071.263344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 241071.263344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241071.263344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              518.084488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1012869923                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1947826.775000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    36.084488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.057828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11545772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11545772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11545772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11545772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11545772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11545772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98408143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98408143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98408143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98408143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     98408143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98408143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11545823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11545823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11545823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11545823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11545823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11545823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1929571.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1929571.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1929571.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1929571.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1929571.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1929571.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68785686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68785686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68785686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68785686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68785686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68785686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1810149.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1810149.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1810149.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1810149.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1810149.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1810149.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                53384                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              172052311                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                53640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3207.537491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.975653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.024347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.913967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.086033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8144757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8144757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6886873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6886873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16792                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        15849                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15849                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15031630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15031630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15031630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15031630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       182197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5436                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5436                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       187633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       187633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       187633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       187633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  77309875085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77309875085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3371989409                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3371989409                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  80681864494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80681864494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  80681864494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80681864494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8326954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8326954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6892309                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6892309                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        15849                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15849                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15219263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15219263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15219263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15219263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000789                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000789                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 424320.241744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424320.241744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 620307.102465                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 620307.102465                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 429998.265199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429998.265199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 429998.265199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429998.265199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     47089132                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets            92                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 511838.391304                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18939                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           18939                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       128965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       128965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       134249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       134249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        53232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        53384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        53384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  18326079322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18326079322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     12905368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12905368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  18338984690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18338984690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  18338984690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18338984690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 344268.096671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344268.096671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84903.736842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84903.736842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 343529.609808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343529.609808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 343529.609808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343529.609808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              579.530909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1041920231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1781060.223932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    40.254260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   539.276649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.064510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.864225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10963466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10963466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10963466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       10963466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10963466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      10963466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    106314639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106314639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    106314639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106314639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    106314639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106314639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10963522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10963522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10963522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     10963522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10963522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     10963522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1898475.696429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1898475.696429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1898475.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1898475.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1898475.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1898475.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       543868                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       543868                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83650099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83650099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83650099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83650099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     83650099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83650099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1991669.023810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1991669.023810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1991669.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1991669.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1991669.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1991669.023810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                74994                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              446564374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                75250                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5934.410286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.896476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.103524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     28697282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28697282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15713268                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15713268                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7668                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7668                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     44410550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       44410550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     44410550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      44410550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       275046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          277                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          277                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       275323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       275323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       275323                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       275323                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 137022726576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 137022726576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    249657821                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    249657821                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 137272384397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 137272384397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 137272384397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 137272384397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     28972328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28972328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15713545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15713545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7668                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7668                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     44685873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44685873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     44685873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44685873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 498181.128160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 498181.128160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 901291.772563                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 901291.772563                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 498586.694163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 498586.694163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 498586.694163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 498586.694163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12846                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           12846                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       200124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       200329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       200329                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200329                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        74922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        74994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        74994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        74994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  36187048387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36187048387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     69209032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69209032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  36256257419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36256257419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  36256257419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36256257419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 482996.294640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 482996.294640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 961236.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 961236.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 483455.442022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 483455.442022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 483455.442022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 483455.442022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              579.365640                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1041959805                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1784177.748288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    39.262788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   540.102852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.062921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.865549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11003040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11003040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11003040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11003040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11003040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11003040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105298631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105298631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105298631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105298631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105298631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105298631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11003095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11003095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11003095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11003095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11003095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11003095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1914520.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1914520.563636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1914520.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1914520.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1914520.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1914520.563636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1167293                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 583646.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81380655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81380655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81380655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81380655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81380655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81380655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1984894.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1984894.024390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1984894.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1984894.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1984894.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1984894.024390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                75221                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              446709818                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                75477                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5918.489315                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.896636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.103364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     28788941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28788941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15766993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15766993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7714                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7714                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     44555934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       44555934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     44555934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      44555934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       275922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       276216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       276216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       276216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       276216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 135168804962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135168804962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    278683636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    278683636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 135447488598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 135447488598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 135447488598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 135447488598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     29064863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29064863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15767287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15767287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7694                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     44832150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44832150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     44832150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44832150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 489880.491450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489880.491450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 947903.523810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947903.523810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 490368.004019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490368.004019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 490368.004019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490368.004019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1283593                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1283593                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12932                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           12932                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       200771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       200993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       200993                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200993                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        75151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        75223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        75223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35620423337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35620423337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     76534523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76534523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35696957860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35696957860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35696957860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35696957860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 473984.688654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473984.688654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1062979.486111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1062979.486111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 474548.447416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474548.447416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 474548.447416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474548.447416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              558.820520                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              931881709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1658152.507117                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    33.656077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.164443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.053936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11736677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11736677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11736677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11736677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11736677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11736677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67294905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67294905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67294905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67294905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     67294905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67294905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11736729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11736729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11736729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11736729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11736729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11736729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1294132.788462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1294132.788462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1294132.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1294132.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1294132.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1294132.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     44615883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44615883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     44615883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44615883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     44615883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44615883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1274739.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1274739.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1274739.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1274739.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1274739.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1274739.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                52548                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              223928573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                52804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4240.750189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   202.552217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    53.447783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.791220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.208780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17217572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17217572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3337453                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3337453                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7895                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7895                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7833                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20555025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       20555025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     20555025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      20555025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       185474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       185766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       185766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       185766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       185766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  83401165641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83401165641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     25041032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25041032                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  83426206673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83426206673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  83426206673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83426206673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17403046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17403046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3337745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3337745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7895                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7895                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7833                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20740791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20740791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     20740791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20740791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449664.996932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449664.996932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 85756.958904                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85756.958904                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449092.980809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449092.980809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449092.980809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449092.980809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            6178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       132994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       133218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       133218                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133218                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        52480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        52548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        52548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16876134924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16876134924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4410101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4410101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16880545025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16880545025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  16880545025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16880545025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 321572.692912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321572.692912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64854.426471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64854.426471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 321240.485366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321240.485366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 321240.485366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321240.485366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              495.048507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1015629797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2043520.718310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    40.048507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.064180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12530357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12530357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12530357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12530357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12530357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12530357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    150212524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150212524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    150212524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    150212524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    150212524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    150212524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12530418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12530418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12530418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12530418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12530418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12530418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2462500.393443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2462500.393443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2462500.393443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2462500.393443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2462500.393443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2462500.393443                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1254810                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 313702.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100461354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100461354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100461354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100461354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    100461354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100461354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2391937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2391937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2391937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2391937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2391937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2391937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                37008                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              164689261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                37264                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4419.527184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.467501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.532499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.911982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.088018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9991156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9991156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7424045                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7424045                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18056                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18056                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17415201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       17415201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17415201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      17415201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        95066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        95066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        97229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        97229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        97229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        97229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21587954605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21587954605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    139512626                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139512626                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21727467231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21727467231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21727467231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21727467231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     10086222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10086222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7426208                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7426208                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18056                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18056                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17512430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17512430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17512430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17512430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 227083.863895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227083.863895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64499.595932                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64499.595932                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 223466.941252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223466.941252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 223466.941252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223466.941252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           47                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    15.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        58272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        60221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        60221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        60221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        60221                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        37008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        37008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9024220730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9024220730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15590375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15590375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9039811105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9039811105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9039811105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9039811105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 245263.377996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245263.377996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 72852.219626                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72852.219626                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 244266.404696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244266.404696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 244266.404696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244266.404696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              558.829149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              931903863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1658191.927046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    33.664762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   525.164387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.053950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.841610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11758831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11758831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11758831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11758831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11758831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11758831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74230951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74230951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74230951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74230951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74230951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74230951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11758877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11758877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11758877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11758877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11758877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11758877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1613716.326087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1613716.326087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1613716.326087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1613716.326087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1613716.326087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1613716.326087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60541924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60541924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60541924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60541924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60541924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60541924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1729769.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1729769.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1729769.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1729769.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1729769.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1729769.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                52628                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              223957353                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                52884                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4234.879226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   202.112385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    53.887615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.789502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.210498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17241372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17241372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3342416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3342416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7901                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7901                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7844                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7844                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     20583788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       20583788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     20583788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      20583788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       185678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          316                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          316                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       185994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       185994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       185994                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       185994                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  82344283673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82344283673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     27420233                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27420233                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  82371703906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  82371703906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  82371703906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  82371703906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17427050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17427050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3342732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3342732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7901                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7901                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7844                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7844                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     20769782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20769782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     20769782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20769782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 443478.945664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443478.945664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 86772.889241                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86772.889241                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 442872.909373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442872.909373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 442872.909373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442872.909373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            6187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       133121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       133366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       133366                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133366                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        52557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        52628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        52628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16733554636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16733554636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      4632899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4632899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16738187535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16738187535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16738187535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16738187535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 318388.694865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318388.694865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 65252.098592                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65252.098592                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 318047.190374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318047.190374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 318047.190374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318047.190374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              529.163309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1017021405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1918908.311321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    39.163309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.062762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11246080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11246080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11246080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11246080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11246080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11246080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     98506905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98506905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     98506905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98506905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     98506905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98506905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11246143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11246143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11246143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11246143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11246143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11246143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1563601.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1563601.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1563601.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1563601.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1563601.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1563601.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65757947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65757947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65757947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65757947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     65757947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65757947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1643948.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1643948.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1643948.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1643948.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1643948.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1643948.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                66089                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              180140190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                66345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2715.203708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.088141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.911859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7790797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7790797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6453481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6453481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18621                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18621                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15059                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15059                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     14244278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       14244278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     14244278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      14244278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       172390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       173279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       173279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       173279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       173279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  75267544079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  75267544079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    342180203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    342180203                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  75609724282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75609724282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  75609724282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75609724282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7963187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7963187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6454370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6454370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18621                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18621                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        15059                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15059                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14417557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14417557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14417557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14417557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 436612.008115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436612.008115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 384904.615298                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 384904.615298                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 436346.725697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436346.725697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 436346.725697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436346.725697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156121                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156121                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       106425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       107190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       107190                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107190                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        65965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        66089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        66089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29656452686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29656452686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     31904387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31904387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29688357073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29688357073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29688357073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29688357073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 449578.605109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449578.605109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 257293.443548                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 257293.443548                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 449217.828580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449217.828580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 449217.828580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449217.828580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              579.367850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1041964101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1784185.104452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    39.265272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   540.102579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.062925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.865549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11007336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11007336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11007336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11007336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11007336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11007336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96322702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96322702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96322702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96322702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     96322702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96322702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11007392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11007392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11007392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11007392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11007392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11007392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1720048.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1720048.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1720048.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1720048.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1720048.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1720048.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       544826                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       544826                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74383729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74383729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74383729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74383729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     74383729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74383729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1814237.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1814237.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1814237.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1814237.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1814237.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1814237.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                75301                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              446752962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                75557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              5912.793811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   111.896356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   144.103644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.437095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.562905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     28816406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28816406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15782658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15782658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7720                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         7702                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7702                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     44599064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       44599064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     44599064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      44599064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       276065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       276065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          295                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          295                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       276360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       276360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       276360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       276360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 135289772116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 135289772116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    319237664                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    319237664                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 135609009780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 135609009780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 135609009780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 135609009780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     29092471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     29092471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15782953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15782953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7720                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7702                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7702                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     44875424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     44875424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     44875424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     44875424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 490064.919914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490064.919914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1082161.572881                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1082161.572881                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 490696.952453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490696.952453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 490696.952453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490696.952453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1916239                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1916239                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           12963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       200836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       201059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       201059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       201059                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       201059                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        75229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        75301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        75301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        75301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  35704710753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35704710753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     78482394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78482394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  35783193147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35783193147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  35783193147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35783193147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 474613.656343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474613.656343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1090033.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1090033.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 475202.097542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475202.097542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 475202.097542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475202.097542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
