
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001106                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1105652148                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398689375293                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 409782                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   525975                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  38072                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67607056                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29041.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11900560762                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15274943559                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        78720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        77184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        23680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        23296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        15232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        28032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        15104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        23296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        24064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        21632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        51456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        15232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        77440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        23040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        77696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        21120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               631936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           35712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       310784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            310784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          607                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2428                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2428                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1504994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     71197800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1504994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     69808574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1620763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21417224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1620763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21069918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2431144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13776485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3009988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     25353363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2431144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13660716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1620763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21069918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1620763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21764531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3125757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     19564924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1620763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     46539049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2431144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13776485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1504994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     70040112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1620763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20838380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1504994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     70271649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3125757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     19101849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               571550466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1504994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1504994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1620763                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1620763                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2431144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3009988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2431144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1620763                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1620763                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3125757                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1620763                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2431144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1504994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1620763                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1504994                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3125757                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           32299490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         281086597                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              281086597                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         281086597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1504994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     71197800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1504994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     69808574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1620763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21417224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1620763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21069918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2431144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13776485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3009988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     25353363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2431144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13660716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1620763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21069918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1620763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21764531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3125757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     19564924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1620763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     46539049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2431144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13776485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1504994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     70040112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1620763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20838380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1504994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     70271649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3125757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     19101849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              852637063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2651445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         206404                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168488                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21703                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83576                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78646                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20594                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          941                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1999531                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1221342                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            206404                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        99240                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              250622                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         68025                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        66893                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124786                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21727                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2362591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2111969     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13185      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21027      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31796      1.35%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13170      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15392      0.65%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16195      0.69%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11508      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         128349      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2362591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077846                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460633                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1974050                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        93042                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248869                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1412                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        45217                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33350                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1480941                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        45217                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1979126                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         41306                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        36176                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          245325                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        15429                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1478342                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         7960                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          958                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2022451                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6890340                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6890340                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         353453                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          323                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           45645                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       149474                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82805                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4151                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15933                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1473574                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1375989                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2114                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       226291                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       518647                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2362591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268715                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1777693     75.24%     75.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236888     10.03%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130438      5.52%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86306      3.65%     94.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79052      3.35%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24378      1.03%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17652      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6175      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4009      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2362591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           399     11.71%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1408     41.34%     53.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1599     46.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1133091     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25308      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136184      9.90%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81253      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1375989                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.518958                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3406                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002475                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5120088                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1700253                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350717                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1379395                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31371                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5500                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1135                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        45217                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         29843                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1669                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1473896                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       149474                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82805                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          884                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           46                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11846                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13309                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25155                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1355847                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128854                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20141                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             209947                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183667                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            81093                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.511362                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350816                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350717                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          799196                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2028352                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.509427                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.394012                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255872                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22106                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2317374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1823692     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       235031     10.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97308      4.20%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50133      2.16%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37308      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21317      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13048      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11117      0.48%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28420      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2317374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28420                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3764156                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2995641                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35516                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                288854                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.651440                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.651440                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.377154                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.377154                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6153615                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1845899                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1403010                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2651445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         207035                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168921                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21737                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84319                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78826                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20605                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          966                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2004654                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1224523                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            207035                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        99431                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              251140                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         67872                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        65875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          125100                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21804                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2367018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2115878     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          13174      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          21002      0.89%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          31807      1.34%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          13246      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          15650      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          16282      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          11416      0.48%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         128563      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2367018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.078084                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461832                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1979639                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        91526                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          249386                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1445                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        45021                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        33549                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1484296                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        45021                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1984740                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         39814                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        36294                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          245877                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        15260                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1481609                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          845                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2566                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         8007                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          819                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2027493                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6904643                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6904643                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1675189                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         352304                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          323                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           45302                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       149409                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        82835                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4128                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        15932                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1476781                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1379962                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2058                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224401                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       514475                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2367018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1780137     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237434     10.03%     85.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131441      5.55%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86524      3.66%     94.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79250      3.35%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24413      1.03%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17692      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6159      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3968      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2367018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           394     11.63%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1387     40.94%     52.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1607     47.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1136753     82.38%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25393      1.84%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136403      9.88%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81260      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1379962                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.520457                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3388                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002455                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5132388                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1701573                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1354728                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1383350                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6492                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30903                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5298                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1105                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        45021                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         28289                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1617                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1477103                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           43                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       149409                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82835                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          839                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           46                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11843                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13425                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        25268                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1359816                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129075                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             210194                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         184560                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            81119                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.512858                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1354834                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1354728                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          801749                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2033303                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.510940                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.394309                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1003574                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1223742                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       254545                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        22146                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2321997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1826398     78.66%     78.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       235864     10.16%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97834      4.21%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50375      2.17%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37346      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21449      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13151      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11090      0.48%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28490      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2321997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1003574                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1223742                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               196043                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              118506                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           169994                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1106303                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        23853                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        28490                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3771794                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3001605                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 35601                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                284427                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1003574                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1223742                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1003574                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.642002                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.642002                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.378501                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.378501                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6170979                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1851580                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1406369                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2651445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         215520                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176576                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22869                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87214                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82114                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21703                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1000                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2060749                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1230922                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            215520                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       103817                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              269449                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         65931                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        62782                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          128521                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22626                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2435689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618742                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2166240     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          28781      1.18%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          33363      1.37%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          18276      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          20663      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          11907      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           8045      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          21042      0.86%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         127372      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2435689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081284                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.464246                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2043668                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        80447                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          266965                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        42348                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        34978                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1502458                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        42348                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2047438                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         16762                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        54035                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          265499                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         9603                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1500566                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2046                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4640                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2087521                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6985001                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6985001                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1748069                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         339447                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          211                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           27772                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       143709                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        76967                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        16362                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1496817                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          380                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1403845                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1952                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207378                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       485677                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           40                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2435689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1845831     75.78%     75.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236369      9.70%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127623      5.24%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88006      3.61%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77484      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39608      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9807      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6294      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4667      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2435689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           356     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     45.87%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1355     42.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1176187     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21906      1.56%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129214      9.20%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76368      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1403845                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.529464                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3161                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002252                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5248492                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1704607                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1378586                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1407006                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3462                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28029                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2143                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        42348                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         12460                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1198                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1497202                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143709                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76967                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          801                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12421                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13417                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        25838                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1381500                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121019                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22345                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             197355                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         192404                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            76336                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.521037                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1378665                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1378586                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          820156                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2151338                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.519938                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381231                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1026146                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1259046                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238168                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        22840                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2393341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1879173     78.52%     78.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238668      9.97%     88.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99941      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59659      2.49%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41320      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26899      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14286      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11132      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22263      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2393341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1026146                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1259046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               190502                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              115680                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           180173                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1135155                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        25647                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        22263                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3868292                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3036784                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 33477                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                215756                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1026146                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1259046                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1026146                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.583887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.583887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.387014                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.387014                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6229828                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1916143                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1399452                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2651445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         215768                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176690                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22749                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87927                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82543                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21823                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2064044                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1231739                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            215768                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       104366                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              269870                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         65254                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        60785                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          128595                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22493                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2436841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2166971     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          28769      1.18%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          33564      1.38%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          18413      0.76%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          20791      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          11887      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           8097      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          20952      0.86%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         127397      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2436841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081378                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.464554                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2046919                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        78505                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          267374                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2259                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        41780                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        35091                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1503502                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1999                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        41780                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2050631                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         15197                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        53800                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          265966                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         9463                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1501671                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2088561                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6990977                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6990977                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1755247                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         333279                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          386                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          215                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           27499                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       143814                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        77345                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1846                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        16391                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1498027                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          385                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1407534                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1964                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204048                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       473712                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2436841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577606                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1845228     75.72%     75.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237432      9.74%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127908      5.25%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88004      3.61%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77571      3.18%     97.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39830      1.63%     99.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9919      0.41%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6266      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4683      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2436841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           360     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1443     45.32%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1381     43.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1178889     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21986      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129748      9.22%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76740      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1407534                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530855                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3184                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002262                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5257056                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1702492                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1382526                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1410718                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3595                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27656                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2211                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        41780                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         10706                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1168                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1498415                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143814                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77345                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          215                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          837                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13233                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        25691                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1385477                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121752                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             198449                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         193145                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            76697                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.522537                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1382603                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1382526                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          822349                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2157129                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521424                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381224                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1030329                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1264224                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234185                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22729                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.347304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1878863     78.45%     78.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       239545     10.00%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100372      4.19%     92.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59831      2.50%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41583      1.74%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27086      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14220      0.59%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11128      0.46%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22433      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1030329                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1264224                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               191281                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              116154                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           180934                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1139788                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        25744                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        22433                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3871037                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3038634                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 33333                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                214604                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1030329                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1264224                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1030329                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.573396                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.573396                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.388592                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.388592                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6248419                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1920754                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1401200                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2651445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         240877                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200444                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23276                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92491                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85878                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1067                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2087774                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1321231                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            240877                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       111508                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              274599                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         65550                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        62393                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          130922                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2466818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.658769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.037698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2192219     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          16670      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          20964      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          33447      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          13774      0.56%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          18208      0.74%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          21183      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9935      0.40%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         140418      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2466818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090847                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.498306                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2075588                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        75994                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          273255                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          140                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        41837                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        36590                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1614183                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        41837                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2078146                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          5613                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        64161                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          270817                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         6240                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1603315                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2240193                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7452186                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7452186                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1847648                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         392545                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          385                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          202                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           23068                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       151364                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        77810                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          933                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        17457                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1563901                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          388                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1492010                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1802                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206006                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431107                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2466818                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1835901     74.42%     74.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       286697     11.62%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118178      4.79%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65799      2.67%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89494      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27751      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27338      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14479      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1181      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2466818                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10380     78.95%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1426     10.85%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1341     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1256617     84.22%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20249      1.36%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          183      0.01%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137510      9.22%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77451      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1492010                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.562716                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13147                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008812                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5465787                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1770314                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1450917                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1505157                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1051                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31292                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1568                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        41837                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          4243                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          521                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1564289                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151364                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77810                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          435                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12986                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13485                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        26471                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1464583                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134644                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27427                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             212068                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         206653                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            77424                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.552372                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1450961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1450917                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          869323                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2334810                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.547217                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372331                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1074903                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1324404                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239896                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          373                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        23271                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2424981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1863763     76.86%     76.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       284912     11.75%     88.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102937      4.24%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51529      2.12%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46961      1.94%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19875      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19485      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9250      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26269      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2424981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1074903                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1324404                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               196314                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              120072                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           192001                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1192337                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        27336                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        26269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3962999                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3170441                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32860                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                184627                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1074903                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1324404                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1074903                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.466683                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.466683                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.405403                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.405403                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6587403                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2029390                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1491593                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2651445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         204591                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180619                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18341                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131024                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124925                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12912                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          588                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2111180                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1160998                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            204591                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       137837                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              256568                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         59871                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        32483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          129684                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17822                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2441644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.538031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.799211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2185076     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          37089      1.52%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          20749      0.85%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          36439      1.49%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          12633      0.52%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          33570      1.37%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           5697      0.23%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           9916      0.41%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         100475      4.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2441644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077162                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.437874                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2094239                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        50235                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          255847                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          324                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        40996                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        20706                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          417                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1308745                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1708                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        40996                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2096546                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         27706                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        15969                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          253604                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         6820                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1305848                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1115                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1723449                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5935540                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5935540                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1361635                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         361813                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          190                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          102                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           18404                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       226170                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        40392                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          382                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         8946                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1296485                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          193                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1201026                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1177                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       256533                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       547297                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2441644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.114580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1919188     78.60%     78.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       168434      6.90%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       167337      6.85%     92.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        99419      4.07%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55113      2.26%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14830      0.61%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16545      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          435      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          343      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2441644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2264     58.22%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          898     23.09%     81.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          727     18.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       947410     78.88%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9937      0.83%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           89      0.01%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       203827     16.97%     96.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39763      3.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1201026                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.452970                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3889                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003238                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4848762                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1553230                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1167423                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1204915                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1130                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50824                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1655                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        40996                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         20928                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          864                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1296682                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          182                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       226170                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40392                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          100                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          481                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10982                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8446                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        19428                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1183163                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       200173                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17863                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             239911                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         178266                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            39738                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.446233                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1168044                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1167423                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          704315                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1577763                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.440297                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.446401                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       914140                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1037102                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       259633                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          186                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        18028                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2400648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.432009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.295220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2010207     83.74%     83.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156151      6.50%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97081      4.04%     94.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31518      1.31%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50438      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10571      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6851      0.29%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6126      0.26%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31705      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2400648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       914140                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1037102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               214083                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              175346                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                92                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           158296                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          908885                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        13754                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        31705                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3665665                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2634494                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 48665                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                209801                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            914140                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1037102                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       914140                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.900480                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.900480                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.344770                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.344770                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5481891                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1532020                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1370380                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          186                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2651445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         240894                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200441                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23319                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92485                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85772                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25606                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1080                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2086967                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1320655                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            240894                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       111378                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              274439                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         65689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        61921                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          130909                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22224                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2465474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.658842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.037934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2191035     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          16700      0.68%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          20870      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          33442      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          13749      0.56%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          18232      0.74%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          21107      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9917      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         140422      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2465474                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090854                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.498089                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2074909                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        75396                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          273094                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          139                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        41932                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        36616                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1613490                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        41932                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2077452                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles          5648                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        63584                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          270665                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         6189                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1602640                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          767                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2239191                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7448135                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7448135                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1845906                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         393271                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           22953                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       151413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        77726                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          895                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        17447                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1563066                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          384                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1490958                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1844                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206280                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431787                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2465474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1835037     74.43%     74.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       286343     11.61%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118191      4.79%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65807      2.67%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89443      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27724      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27258      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14496      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1175      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2465474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10374     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1434     10.91%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1335     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1255765     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20251      1.36%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137387      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77373      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1490958                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.562319                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13143                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008815                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5462377                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1769751                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1449926                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1504101                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1036                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31424                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1562                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        41932                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles          4223                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          521                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1563450                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1117                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77726                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          441                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12970                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13558                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        26528                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1463622                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134581                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27336                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             211928                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         206633                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            77347                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.552009                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1449972                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1449926                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          868535                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2331857                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.546844                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372465                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1073876                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1323220                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240228                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        23312                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2423542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1862831     76.86%     76.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       284671     11.75%     88.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102871      4.24%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51420      2.12%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46914      1.94%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19857      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19477      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9264      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26237      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2423542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1073876                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1323220                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               196144                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              119980                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           191871                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1191247                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        27318                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        26237                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3960740                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3168846                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 32915                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                185971                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1073876                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1323220                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1073876                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.469042                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.469042                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.405015                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.405015                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6582628                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       2027893                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1490849                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2651445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         215750                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176760                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22884                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87316                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82208                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21728                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1001                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2062900                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1232155                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            215750                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       103936                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              269733                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         65981                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        62396                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          128648                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22639                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2437772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2168039     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          28809      1.18%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          33408      1.37%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          18293      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          20685      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          11918      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           8059      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          21061      0.86%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         127500      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2437772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081371                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.464711                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2045745                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        80135                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          267245                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2261                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        42382                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        35017                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1504011                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        42382                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2049521                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         16642                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        53804                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          265778                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         9641                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1502109                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2061                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4659                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2089529                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6992248                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6992248                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1749769                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         339702                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          385                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          213                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           27838                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       143874                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        77083                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        16377                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1498361                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          382                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1405295                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1950                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207560                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       486015                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           42                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2437772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1847258     75.78%     75.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236697      9.71%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127726      5.24%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88085      3.61%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77571      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39646      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9817      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6301      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4671      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2437772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           356     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1451     45.82%     57.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1360     42.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1177366     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21914      1.56%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129362      9.21%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76482      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1405295                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530011                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3167                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002254                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5253477                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1706335                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1380015                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1408462                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3467                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28054                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2151                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        42382                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         12334                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1199                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1498748                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143874                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77083                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          212                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          802                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12428                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13426                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        25854                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1382930                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121163                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22363                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             197613                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         192611                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            76450                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.521576                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1380094                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1380015                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          820970                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2153585                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.520477                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381211                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1027172                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1260344                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238376                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22856                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1880666     78.51%     78.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238953      9.98%     88.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100034      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59721      2.49%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41365      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26926      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14297      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11136      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22292      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1027172                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1260344                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               190742                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              115814                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           180364                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1136321                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25672                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        22292                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3871818                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3039870                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 33502                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                213673                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1027172                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1260344                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1027172                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.581306                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.581306                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.387401                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.387401                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6236295                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1917982                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1400915                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2651445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         215500                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176567                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22867                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87204                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82102                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21701                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2060569                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1230826                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            215500                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       103803                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              269427                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         65929                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        62533                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          128509                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22623                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2435237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2165810     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          28781      1.18%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          33362      1.37%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          18271      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          20662      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          11904      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           8046      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          21035      0.86%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         127366      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2435237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081276                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.464210                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2043455                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        80230                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          266944                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        42347                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        34968                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1502334                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        42347                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2047225                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         16626                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        53937                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          265478                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         9620                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1500445                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2045                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4659                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2087373                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6984470                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6984470                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1747959                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         339412                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          384                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          213                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           27808                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       143698                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        76964                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1791                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        16359                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1496706                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          382                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1403746                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1952                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207369                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       485614                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           42                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2435237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1845394     75.78%     75.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236395      9.71%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127609      5.24%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87989      3.61%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77478      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39609      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9799      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6297      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4667      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2435237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           356     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     45.86%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1356     42.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1176104     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21906      1.56%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129202      9.20%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76364      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1403746                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.529427                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3162                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002253                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5247840                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1704489                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1378484                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1406908                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3463                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28032                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2147                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        42347                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         12317                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1201                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1497093                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143698                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76964                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          212                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          803                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12419                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13418                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        25837                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1381399                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121009                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22344                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             197341                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         192382                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            76332                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.520999                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1378563                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1378484                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          820113                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2151247                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.519899                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381227                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1026071                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1258948                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238159                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        22839                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2392890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1878770     78.51%     78.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238647      9.97%     88.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99930      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59647      2.49%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41315      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26901      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14286      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11133      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22261      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2392890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1026071                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1258948                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               190483                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              115666                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           180154                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1135064                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        25641                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        22261                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3867736                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3036567                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 33472                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                216208                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1026071                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1258948                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1026071                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.584076                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.584076                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.386986                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.386986                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6229392                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1916023                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1399341                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2651445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         218119                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       178416                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23021                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89065                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83617                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21999                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1055                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2090619                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1219333                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            218119                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       105616                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              253056                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         63770                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        52058                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          129478                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22882                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2436219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2183163     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          11767      0.48%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18400      0.76%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          24466      1.00%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          25948      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          21989      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          11770      0.48%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          18529      0.76%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         120187      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2436219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.082264                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459875                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2069232                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        73911                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          252434                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        40250                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        35751                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1494285                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        40250                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2075443                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         15908                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        44496                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          246628                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        13489                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1492749                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         5896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2083804                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6939679                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6939679                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1775210                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         308594                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           42371                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       140646                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        74860                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          929                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        30585                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1489703                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1404681                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182946                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       443752                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2436219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1832436     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       255814     10.50%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127683      5.24%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89566      3.68%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71283      2.93%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29310      1.20%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19092      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9711      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1324      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2436219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           329     13.09%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          908     36.12%     49.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1277     50.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1181938     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20808      1.48%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          175      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127266      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74494      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1404681                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.529779                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2514                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001790                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5248417                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1673025                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1381266                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1407195                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2891                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25235                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1475                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        40250                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         12828                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1339                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1490069                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          491                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140646                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74860                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1117                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12553                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13608                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        26161                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1383604                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119733                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21077                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             194200                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         196375                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            74467                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.521830                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1381340                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1381266                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          794349                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2140021                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.520948                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.371187                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1034807                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1273357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       216713                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        23084                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1865268     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       267345     11.16%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96815      4.04%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46224      1.93%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44456      1.86%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23022      0.96%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16520      0.69%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8896      0.37%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27423      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1034807                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1273357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               188796                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              115411                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           183684                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1147226                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        26215                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        27423                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3858603                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3020399                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 33650                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                215226                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1034807                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1273357                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1034807                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.562260                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.562260                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390280                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390280                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6224683                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1926040                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1384568                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2651440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         206281                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185751                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12632                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82019                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71861                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11232                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          574                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2169147                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1295151                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            206281                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        83093                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              255231                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         40123                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        52103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          126222                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12499                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2503681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2248450     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           8978      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18610      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           7496      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          41659      1.66%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          37481      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           7113      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          15395      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         118499      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2503681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077800                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.488471                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2156279                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        65402                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          254148                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          858                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        26991                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        18239                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1517942                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1274                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        26991                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2159151                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         44802                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        12970                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          252288                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         7476                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1516085                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         2880                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          109                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1789169                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7135626                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7135626                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1549488                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         239681                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          100                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           20921                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       353784                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       177809                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1626                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8809                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1510825                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          186                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1440486                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          922                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       138655                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       339375                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2503681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371733                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1990797     79.51%     79.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       154218      6.16%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126055      5.03%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54784      2.19%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68933      2.75%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66163      2.64%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37694      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3201      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1836      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2503681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3626     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28065     86.25%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          847      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       908045     63.04%     63.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12603      0.87%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342642     23.79%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       177110     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1440486                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.543284                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32538                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022588                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5418113                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1649718                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1426244                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1473024                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17288                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           53                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1764                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          130                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        26991                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         41003                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1943                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1511011                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           34                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353784                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177809                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          100                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1341                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           53                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6741                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7871                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        14612                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1428994                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       341361                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11492                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             518439                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         186920                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           177078                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.538950                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1426367                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1426244                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          772060                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1526719                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.537913                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.505699                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1149078                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1350602                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       160573                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        12676                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2476690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1985982     80.19%     80.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       179635      7.25%     87.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84173      3.40%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82726      3.34%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22540      0.91%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96177      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7488      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5282      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12687      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2476690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1149078                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1350602                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               512541                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              336496                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           178336                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1201152                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        13144                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        12687                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3975178                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3049349                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 48913                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                147759                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1149078                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1350602                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1149078                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.307450                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.307450                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.433379                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.433379                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        7055244                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1662459                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1797873                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2651445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         241000                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200592                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23293                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92479                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85765                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25569                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1061                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2086427                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1321231                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            241000                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       111334                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              274463                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         65623                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        63290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          130875                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22210                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2466287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.658802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.037955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2191824     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          16660      0.68%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          20886      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          33428      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          13772      0.56%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          18186      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          21155      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           9877      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         140499      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2466287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090894                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.498306                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2074330                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        76797                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          273122                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          144                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        41890                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        36567                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1613980                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1283                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        41890                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2076897                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles          5610                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        64977                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          270684                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         6225                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1603152                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4395                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2240056                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7450402                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7450402                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1846142                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         393864                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          383                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           23076                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       151314                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        77715                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          929                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        17415                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1563337                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          385                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1491327                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1851                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206449                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431086                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2466287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1835852     74.44%     74.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       286353     11.61%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118104      4.79%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65777      2.67%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89415      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27801      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27309      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14492      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1184      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2466287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10402     78.96%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1434     10.89%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1338     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1256157     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20242      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137388      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77358      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1491327                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.562458                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13174                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5463966                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1770191                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1450142                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1504501                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1076                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31291                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1525                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        41890                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          4251                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          523                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1563722                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1152                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151314                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77715                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          437                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12977                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13551                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        26528                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1463829                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134587                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27498                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             211917                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         206598                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            77330                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.552087                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1450190                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1450142                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          868786                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2332995                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.546925                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372391                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1074018                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1323412                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240259                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        23286                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2424397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1863660     76.87%     76.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       284661     11.74%     88.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102887      4.24%     92.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51516      2.12%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46819      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19825      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19484      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9236      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26309      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2424397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1074018                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1323412                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               196188                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              120010                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           191900                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1191420                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        27322                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        26309                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3961746                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3169298                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 32875                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                185158                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1074018                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1323412                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1074018                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.468716                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.468716                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.405069                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.405069                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6583837                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2028364                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1491423                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2651445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         206474                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168497                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21658                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83683                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78751                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20652                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          940                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2001770                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1220953                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            206474                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        99403                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              250567                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         67456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        70005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          124832                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21704                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2367363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.992855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2116796     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          13130      0.55%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          21026      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          31854      1.35%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13222      0.56%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          15351      0.65%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          16289      0.69%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          11590      0.49%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         128105      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2367363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077872                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460486                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1976468                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        95961                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          248869                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1371                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        44693                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        33424                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1480368                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        44693                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1981450                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         43342                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        37464                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          245401                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        15001                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1477676                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2610                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         7831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          818                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2022329                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6887193                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6887193                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1673260                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         349024                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          330                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          177                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           44466                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       149228                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        82812                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4125                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        15964                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1473114                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          329                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1376797                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2172                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222857                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       512538                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2367363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1781814     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237162     10.02%     85.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130841      5.53%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86382      3.65%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79006      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24335      1.03%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17674      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6128      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4021      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2367363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           395     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1416     41.66%     53.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1588     46.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1133754     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25295      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136328      9.90%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81267      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1376797                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.519263                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3399                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002469                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5126526                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1696367                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1351626                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1380196                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6411                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30848                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5350                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1096                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        44693                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         31928                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1651                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1473443                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           69                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       149228                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82812                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          177                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          873                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11899                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13277                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25176                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1356649                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128797                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             209923                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         183882                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            81126                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.511664                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1351719                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1351626                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          799398                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2029431                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.509770                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.393903                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1002455                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1222359                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       252159                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22059                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2322670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1827790     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       235578     10.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97685      4.21%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50231      2.16%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37271      1.60%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21346      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13067      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11114      0.48%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28588      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2322670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1002455                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1222359                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               195839                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              118377                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           169790                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1105069                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        23828                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        28588                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3768600                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2993771                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 35368                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                284082                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1002455                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1222359                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1002455                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.644952                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.644952                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.378079                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.378079                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6157024                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1847695                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1402623                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2651445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         215670                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176691                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22876                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87283                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82177                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21718                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1001                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2062070                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1231674                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            215670                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       103895                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              269623                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         65955                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        63632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          128597                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22631                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2438050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2168427     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          28796      1.18%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          33393      1.37%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          18286      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          20678      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          11916      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           8049      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          21058      0.86%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         127447      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2438050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081341                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.464529                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2044928                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        81359                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          267138                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        42364                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        35006                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1503396                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        42364                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2048702                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         16589                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        55110                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          265669                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         9612                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1501488                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2088681                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6989253                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6989253                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1749143                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         339515                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          384                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          212                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           27783                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       143805                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        77047                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        16365                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1497742                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          381                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1404754                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1953                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207451                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       485727                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2438050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1847799     75.79%     75.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236549      9.70%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127695      5.24%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88057      3.61%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77532      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39634      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9813      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6300      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4671      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2438050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           356     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1452     45.86%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1358     42.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1176934     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21911      1.56%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129296      9.20%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76442      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1404754                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.529807                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3166                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002254                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5252676                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1705606                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1379485                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1407920                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3461                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28043                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2153                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        42364                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         12294                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1197                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1498128                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143805                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77047                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          211                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          799                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12424                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13422                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        25846                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1382400                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121104                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             197512                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         192541                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            76408                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.521376                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1379564                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1379485                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          820656                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2152678                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.520277                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381226                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1026809                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1259879                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238251                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        22848                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1881173     78.52%     78.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238818      9.97%     88.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100018      4.17%     92.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59703      2.49%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41350      1.73%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26918      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14294      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11134      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22278      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1026809                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1259879                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               190656                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              115762                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           180298                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1135901                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        25662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        22278                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3871538                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3038641                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 33491                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                213395                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1026809                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1259879                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1026809                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.582218                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.582218                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.387264                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.387264                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6233840                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1917285                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1400342                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2651445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         206224                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168240                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21680                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83268                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78585                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20587                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          939                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2000826                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1219704                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            206224                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        99172                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              250283                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         67540                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        69139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          124814                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21730                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2365325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.993117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2115042     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          13157      0.56%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          21006      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          31826      1.35%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          13112      0.55%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          15254      0.64%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          16196      0.68%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          11660      0.49%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         128072      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2365325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077778                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460015                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1975445                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        95176                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          248593                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1361                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        44749                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        33420                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1478959                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        44749                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1980499                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         41929                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        38096                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          245075                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        14965                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1476390                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          696                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2619                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         7789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          778                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2020631                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6881353                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6881353                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1671270                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         349361                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           44894                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       149070                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        82907                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4103                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15957                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1471561                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          330                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1375540                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2116                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222698                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       510574                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2365325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1779937     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237248     10.03%     85.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130828      5.53%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86639      3.66%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78637      3.32%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24205      1.02%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17692      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6118      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4021      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2365325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           402     11.79%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1398     41.01%     52.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1609     47.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1132526     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25289      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136203      9.90%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81369      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1375540                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.518789                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3409                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002478                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5121930                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1694657                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350497                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1378949                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6289                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30803                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           69                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5515                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        44749                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         30249                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1682                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1471891                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           57                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       149070                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82907                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          178                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          904                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           69                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11872                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13311                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25183                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1355567                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128915                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19973                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             210137                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         183842                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            81222                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.511256                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1350599                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1350497                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          799119                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2026228                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.509344                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394388                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001318                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1220970                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       252203                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22087                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2320576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1825796     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       235675     10.16%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97619      4.21%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50267      2.17%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37263      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21404      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13028      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11176      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28348      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2320576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1001318                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1220970                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               195659                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              118267                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           169591                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1103822                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        23801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        28348                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3765401                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2991103                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 35453                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                286120                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1001318                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1220970                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1001318                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.647955                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.647955                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.377650                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.377650                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6152149                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1845957                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1401575                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2651445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         217760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       178026                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23199                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89302                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83656                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21961                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1067                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2090601                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1217405                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            217760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       105617                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              252785                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         63978                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        51392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          129642                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23067                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2435293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.959885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2182508     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          11805      0.48%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          18216      0.75%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          24606      1.01%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          25922      1.06%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          22048      0.91%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          11865      0.49%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          18644      0.77%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         119679      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2435293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082129                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.459148                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2069303                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        73176                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          252135                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        40279                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        35794                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1491727                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        40279                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2075469                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         16048                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        43784                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          246397                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        13311                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1490190                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5848                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2080596                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6927754                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6927754                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1771705                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         308880                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           41965                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       140281                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        74673                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          895                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        30578                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1487073                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1402297                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182146                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       442821                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2435293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1832492     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       255132     10.48%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127593      5.24%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89759      3.69%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71115      2.92%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29234      1.20%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19017      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9638      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1313      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2435293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           342     13.58%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          903     35.86%     49.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1273     50.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1180079     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20806      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126929      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74309      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1402297                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.528880                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2518                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001796                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5242727                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1669596                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1378978                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1404815                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2723                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25129                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1463                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        40279                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         12948                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1356                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1487439                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          491                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140281                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74673                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1142                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12653                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13578                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        26231                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1381204                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119335                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21093                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             193618                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         196124                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            74283                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.520925                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1379051                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1378978                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          792778                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2135655                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.520085                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371211                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1032724                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1270731                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       216698                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        23262                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.530574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1865230     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       267012     11.15%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96710      4.04%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45988      1.92%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44297      1.85%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22982      0.96%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16596      0.69%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8931      0.37%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27268      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1032724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1270731                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               188358                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              115148                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           183272                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1144865                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        26152                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        27268                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3855162                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3015157                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 33724                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                216152                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1032724                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1270731                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1032724                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.567428                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.567428                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.389495                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.389495                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6213257                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1922941                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1382226                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4954                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32737.634110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           872636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          23.153599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1688.081145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   279.961582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.746581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   274.395434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.838498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    94.545132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.839052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    94.914884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    11.872929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    51.261595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.759534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   122.165520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    11.869857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    52.611134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.838976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    93.743984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.839663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    96.518040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.829322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    92.454343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.548560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   190.713875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    11.868377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    52.241323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.428349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   273.127709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.791209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    94.724128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.364426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   277.865996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.831861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    90.632964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          2556.613965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2538.061656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1672.258059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1692.099836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1102.438510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1951.339479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1092.950782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1674.173157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1710.745724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1314.253633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          2134.338317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1093.378666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2519.512062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1671.842516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2517.849614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1336.806653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.051516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.008544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.008374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.001564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.003728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.001606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.005820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.001594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.008335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.008480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.002766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.078022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.077455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.051033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.051639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.033644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.059550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.033354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.051092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.052208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.040108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.065135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.033367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.076889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.051021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.076839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.040796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             3574                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  3574                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          484                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          331                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          228                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          379                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          228                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          289                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          431                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          228                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          491                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          336                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          487                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5694                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          615                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          603                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          185                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          119                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          219                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          118                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          188                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          169                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          402                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          605                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          607                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4937                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2272571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     83501214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2394122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     80799605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2370218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     28215146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2233340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     27777837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3203619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17954413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3765968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     32987901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3204616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     17643041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2337574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     27314668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2165758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     28276961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3949226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     25567866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2132557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     60355244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3094829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     18106267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2302795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     82192932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2069577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     27429907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2262731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     83290645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4224336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     24911817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       710309301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9395649                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9481914                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9051636                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8225707                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      36154906                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2272571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     92896863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2394122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     90281519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2370218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     28215146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2233340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     27777837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3203619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17954413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3765968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     32987901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3204616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     17643041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2337574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     27314668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2165758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     28276961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3949226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     25567866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2132557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     60355244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3094829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     18106267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2302795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     91244568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2069577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     27429907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2262731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91516352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4224336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     24911817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        746464207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2272571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     92896863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2394122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     90281519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2370218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     28215146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2233340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     27777837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3203619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17954413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3765968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     32987901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3204616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     17643041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2337574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     27314668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2165758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     28276961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3949226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     25567866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2132557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     60355244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3094829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     18106267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2302795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     91244568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2069577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     27429907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2262731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91516352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4224336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     24911817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       746464207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3574                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              3574                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               260                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.532819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.527859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.352713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.368067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.352713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.371429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.482593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.525604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.531280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.363436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.452705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.930769                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.559600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.555249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.352713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.342939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.366221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.352713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.368996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.482593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.342939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.552007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.554845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.361050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.464397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.559600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.555249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.352713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.342939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.366221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.352713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.368996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.482593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.342939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.552007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.554845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.361050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.464397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174813.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151270.315217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 184163.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149628.898148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169301.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152514.302703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159524.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152625.478022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152553.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150877.420168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 144844.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150629.684932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152600.761905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149517.296610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166969.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150080.593407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       154697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150409.367021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146267.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151289.147929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152325.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150137.422886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 147372.809524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152153.504202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 177138.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151089.948529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147826.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152388.372222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174056.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150888.849638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156456.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150980.709091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151290.585942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149137.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150506.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 148387.475410                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149558.309091                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149400.438017                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174813.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151051.809756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 184163.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149720.595357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169301.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152514.302703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159524.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152625.478022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152553.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150877.420168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 144844.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150629.684932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152600.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149517.296610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166969.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150080.593407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       154697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150409.367021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146267.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151289.147929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152325.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150137.422886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 147372.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152153.504202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 177138.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150817.467769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147826.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152388.372222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174056.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150768.289951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156456.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150980.709091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151197.935386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174813.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151051.809756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 184163.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149720.595357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169301.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152514.302703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 159524.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152625.478022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152553.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150877.420168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 144844.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150629.684932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152600.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149517.296610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166969.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150080.593407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       154697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150409.367021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 146267.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151289.147929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152325.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150137.422886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 147372.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152153.504202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 177138.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150817.467769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147826.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152388.372222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174056.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150768.289951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156456.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150980.709091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151197.935386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2429                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2429                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1518456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     51366716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1639313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     49367833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1560317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     17448162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1421132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17184475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1983769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11031531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2253355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20235853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1985093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10778876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1525526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16726220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1354983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17338836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2375739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15737278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1315839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     36955465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1874679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11181456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1548405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     50535673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1254869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16950301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1508726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     51172077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2653271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15304127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    437088351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5722524                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5816886                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5503462                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5021683                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22064555                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1518456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     57089240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1639313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     55184719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1560317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     17448162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1421132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17184475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1983769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11031531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2253355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20235853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1985093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10778876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1525526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16726220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1354983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17338836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2375739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15737278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1315839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     36955465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1874679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11181456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1548405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56039135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1254869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16950301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1508726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     56193760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2653271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15304127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    459152906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1518456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     57089240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1639313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     55184719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1560317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     17448162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1421132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17184475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1983769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11031531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2253355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20235853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1985093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10778876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1525526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16726220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1354983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17338836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2375739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15737278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1315839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     36955465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1874679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11181456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1548405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56039135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1254869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16950301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1508726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     56193760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2653271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15304127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    459152906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.532819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.527859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.352713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.368067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.352713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.371429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.482593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.525604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.531280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.363436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.452705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.930769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.559600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.555249                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.352713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.342939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.366221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.352713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.368996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.482593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.342939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.552007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.554845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.361050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.464397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.559600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.555249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.352713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.342939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.366221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.352713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.368996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.482593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.342939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.552007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.554845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.361050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.464397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 116804.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93055.644928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       126101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91421.912963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 111451.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94314.389189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101509.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94420.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94465.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92701.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 86667.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92401.155251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94528.238095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91346.406780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 108966.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91902.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96784.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92227.851064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 87990.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93119.988166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93988.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91929.017413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89270.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93961.815126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 119108.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92896.457721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89633.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94168.338889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 116055.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92703.038043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98269.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92752.284848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93096.560383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90833.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92331.523810                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 90220.688525                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91303.327273                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91175.847107                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 116804.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92828.032520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       126101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91516.946932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 111451.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94314.389189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101509.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94420.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94465.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92701.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 86667.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92401.155251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94528.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91346.406780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 108966.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91902.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96784.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92227.851064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 87990.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93119.988166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93988.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91929.017413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89270.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93961.815126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 119108.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92626.669421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89633.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94168.338889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 116055.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92576.210873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98269.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92752.284848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93002.411586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 116804.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92828.032520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       126101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91516.946932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 111451.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94314.389189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 101509.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94420.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 94465.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92701.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 86667.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92401.155251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94528.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91346.406780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 108966.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91902.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96784.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92227.851064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 87990.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93119.988166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93988.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91929.017413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89270.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93961.815126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 119108.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92626.669421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89633.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94168.338889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 116055.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92576.210873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98269.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92752.284848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93002.411586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.744810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494288.243028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.744810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2905052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2905052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2905052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2905052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2905052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2905052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161391.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161391.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161391.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161391.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161391.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161391.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2402078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2402078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2402078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2402078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2402078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2402078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 184775.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184775.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 184775.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184775.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 184775.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184775.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1099                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125036037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1355                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             92277.518081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   190.388921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    65.611079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.743707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.256293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76420                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76420                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       171096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         171096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       171096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        171096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          477                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          477                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    324601189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    324601189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     84557747                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     84557747                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    409158936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    409158936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    409158936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    409158936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006203                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006203                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 133690.769769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133690.769769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 177269.909853                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177269.909853                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 140846.449570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140846.449570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 140846.449570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140846.449570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             504                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1806                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1806                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    123463724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123463724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10064531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10064531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    133528255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    133528255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    133528255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    133528255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000819                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000819                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119173.478764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119173.478764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 159754.460317                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159754.460317                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121499.777070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121499.777070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121499.777070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121499.777070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              501.745897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750133012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1494288.868526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    12.745897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.020426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         125082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        125082                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3165095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3165095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3165095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3165095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3165095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3165095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       125100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       125100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175838.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175838.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175838.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175838.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175838.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175838.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2516747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2516747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2516747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2516747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2516747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2516747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 193595.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193595.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 193595.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193595.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 193595.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193595.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 1086                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125036420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             93171.698957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   190.006884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    65.993116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.742214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.257786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        94812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        76667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       171479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         171479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       171479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        171479                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    317446938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    317446938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     83369817                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83369817                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    400816755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    400816755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    400816755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    400816755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        97200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        77129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       174329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       174329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.024568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.016348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.016348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 132934.228643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132934.228643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 180454.149351                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180454.149351                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 140637.457895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140637.457895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 140637.457895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140637.457895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    120723833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120723833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10096158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10096158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    130819991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130819991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    130819991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130819991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000817                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000817                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 118009.611926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118009.611926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 160256.476190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160256.476190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120460.396869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120460.396869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 120460.396869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120460.396869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              495.837488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              746973113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1505994.179435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.837488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       128501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       128501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         128501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       128501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        128501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3911729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3911729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3911729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3911729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3911729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3911729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       128521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       128521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       128521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       128521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       128521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 195586.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 195586.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 195586.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 195586.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 195586.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 195586.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2793723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2793723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2793723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2793723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2793723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2793723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 199551.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199551.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 199551.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199551.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 199551.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199551.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              117716292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             152482.243523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   167.454065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    88.545935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.654117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.345883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        88663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        74410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       163073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         163073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       163073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        163073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    225778850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    225778850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5139694                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5139694                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    230918544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    230918544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    230918544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    230918544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        90447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        74461                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74461                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       164908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       164908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       164908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       164908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.019724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126557.651345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126557.651345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100778.313725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100778.313725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125841.168392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125841.168392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125841.168392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125841.168392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     54257728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54257728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     54257728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54257728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     54257728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54257728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105150.635659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105150.635659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105150.635659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105150.635659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105150.635659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105150.635659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              495.838089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              746973187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1505994.328629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.838089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.022176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       128575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       128575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         128575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       128575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        128575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3626637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3626637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3626637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3626637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3626637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3626637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       128595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       128595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       128595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       128595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       128595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 181331.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181331.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 181331.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181331.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 181331.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181331.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2614477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2614477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2614477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2614477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2614477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2614477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 186748.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186748.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 186748.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186748.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 186748.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186748.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  515                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              117717052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             152681.001297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   168.233097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    87.766903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.657161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.342839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        89114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        74715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       163829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         163829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       163829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        163829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    224573850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224573850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5026491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5026491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    229600341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    229600341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    229600341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    229600341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        90914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        74766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       165680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       165680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.019799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000682                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000682                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124763.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124763.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 98558.647059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98558.647059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124041.243112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124041.243112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124041.243112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124041.243112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     53174004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53174004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     53174004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53174004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     53174004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53174004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103050.395349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103050.395349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103050.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103050.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103050.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103050.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              467.263197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              749857368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1568739.263598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.263197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.019653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       130893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       130893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         130893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       130893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        130893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4768764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4768764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4768764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4768764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4768764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4768764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       130922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       130922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       130922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       130922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       130922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164440.137931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164440.137931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164440.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164440.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164440.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164440.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3799364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3799364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3799364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3799364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3799364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3799364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165189.739130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165189.739130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165189.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165189.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165189.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165189.739130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  347                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              108862693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             180535.145937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   117.153918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   138.846082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.457632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.542368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       103500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        75853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       179353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         179353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       179353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        179353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total          887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total          887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     95710411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95710411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1184565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1184565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     96894976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     96894976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     96894976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     96894976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       104375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        75865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       180240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       180240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       180240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       180240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109383.326857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109383.326857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 98713.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98713.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109238.980834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109238.980834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109238.980834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109238.980834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     34629880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34629880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       243694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       243694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     34873574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34873574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     34873574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34873574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100668.255814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100668.255814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 81231.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81231.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100500.213256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100500.213256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100500.213256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100500.213256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              550.804320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              643069872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1162874.994575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.706067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.098253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.041196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       129650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       129650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         129650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       129650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        129650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4823358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4823358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4823358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4823358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4823358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4823358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       129684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       129684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       129684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       129684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       129684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 141863.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141863.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 141863.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141863.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 141863.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 141863.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4142179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4142179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4142179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4142179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4142179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4142179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153414.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153414.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153414.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153414.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153414.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153414.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  598                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              150604697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             176352.104215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   156.813449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    99.186551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.612553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.387447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       181023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        181023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       219552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         219552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       219552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        219552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2063                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2063                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    222782012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    222782012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1276948                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1276948                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    224058960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    224058960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    224058960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    224058960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       183071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       183071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        38544                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38544                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       221615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       221615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000389                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000389                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108780.279297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108780.279297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85129.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85129.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108608.317984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108608.317984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108608.317984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108608.317984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1465                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1465                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     60985442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60985442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       209421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       209421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     61194863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61194863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     61194863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61194863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102496.541176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102496.541176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        69807                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69807                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102332.546823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102332.546823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102332.546823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102332.546823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              467.259479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              749857355                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1568739.236402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.259479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.019647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       130880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       130880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         130880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       130880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        130880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4835005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4835005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4835005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4835005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4835005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4835005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       130909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       130909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       130909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       130909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       130909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166724.310345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166724.310345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166724.310345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166724.310345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166724.310345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166724.310345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3996263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3996263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3996263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3996263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3996263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3996263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 173750.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173750.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 173750.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173750.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 173750.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173750.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  346                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              108862575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             180834.842193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   117.125764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   138.874236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.457523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.542477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       103462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        75777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       179239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         179239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       179239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        179239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total          886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total          886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     96561485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96561485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1322889                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1322889                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     97884374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     97884374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     97884374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     97884374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       104336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        75789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       180125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       180125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       180125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       180125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110482.248284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110482.248284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110240.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110240.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110478.977427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110478.977427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110478.977427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110478.977427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     34787533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34787533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       276607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       276607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     35064140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35064140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     35064140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35064140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101421.379009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101421.379009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92202.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92202.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101341.445087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101341.445087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101341.445087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101341.445087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              495.838006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              746973240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1505994.435484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.838006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.022176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       128628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       128628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         128628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       128628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        128628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3834301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3834301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3834301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3834301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3834301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3834301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       128648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       128648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       128648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       128648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       128648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 191715.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191715.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 191715.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191715.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 191715.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191715.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2726927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2726927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2726927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2726927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2726927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2726927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 194780.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194780.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 194780.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194780.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 194780.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194780.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              117716507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             152482.522021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   167.456346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    88.543654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.654126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.345874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        88770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        74516                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74516                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       163286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         163286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       163286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        163286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    221152401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221152401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5503664                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5503664                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    226656065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    226656065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    226656065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    226656065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        90554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        74567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       165121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       165121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123964.350336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123964.350336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107914.980392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107914.980392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123518.291553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123518.291553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123518.291553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123518.291553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     52973415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52973415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     52973415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52973415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     52973415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52973415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102661.656977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102661.656977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102661.656977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102661.656977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102661.656977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102661.656977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              495.838778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              746973101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1505994.155242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.838778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       128489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       128489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         128489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       128489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        128489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3429106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3429106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3429106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3429106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3429106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3429106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       128509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       128509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       128509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       128509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       128509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171455.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171455.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171455.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171455.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 171455.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171455.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2449838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2449838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2449838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2449838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2449838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2449838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 174988.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174988.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 174988.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174988.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 174988.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174988.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              117716277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             152482.224093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   167.451102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    88.548898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.654106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.345894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        88651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        74406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       163057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         163057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       163057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        163057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    225063620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    225063620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5077627                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5077627                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    230141247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    230141247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    230141247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    230141247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        90435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        74457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       164892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       164892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       164892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       164892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126156.737668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126156.737668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99561.313725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99561.313725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125417.573297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125417.573297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 125417.573297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125417.573297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     53987082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53987082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     53987082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53987082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     53987082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53987082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104626.127907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104626.127907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104626.127907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104626.127907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104626.127907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104626.127907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              499.237411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              746409115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1480970.466270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.237411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.038842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.800060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       129439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       129439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         129439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       129439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        129439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5640469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5640469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5640469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5640469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5640469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5640469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       129478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       129478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       129478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       129478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       129478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 144627.410256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 144627.410256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 144627.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 144627.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 144627.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 144627.410256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4440741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4440741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4440741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4440741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4440741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4440741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       153129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       153129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       153129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       153129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       153129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       153129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              112762560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             157930.756303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   159.105811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    96.894189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.621507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.378493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        87623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        73023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       160646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         160646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       160646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        160646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    176085635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    176085635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1243180                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1243180                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    177328815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    177328815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    177328815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    177328815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        89086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        89086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        73039                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73039                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       162125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       162125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.016422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000219                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120359.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120359.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 77698.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77698.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119897.778905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119897.778905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119897.778905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119897.778905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1021                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1021                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     46899204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46899204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     47091504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47091504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     47091504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47091504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103075.173626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103075.173626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102819.877729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102819.877729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 102819.877729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102819.877729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              556.547820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              765407104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1374159.971275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.547820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.021711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         126206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        126206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2598458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2598458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2598458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2598458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2598458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2598458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       126222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       126222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162403.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162403.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162403.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162403.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162403.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162403.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2266138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2266138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2266138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2266138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2266138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2266138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       161867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       161867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       161867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       161867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       161867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       161867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  833                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              287890764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             264362.501377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   101.863746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   154.136254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.397905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.602095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       322180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        322180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       175872                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175872                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       498052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         498052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       498052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        498052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    366514953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    366514953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    366514953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    366514953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    366514953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    366514953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       325161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       325161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       175872                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175872                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       501033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       501033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       501033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       501033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122950.336464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122950.336464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122950.336464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122950.336464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122950.336464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122950.336464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     94574659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94574659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     94574659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94574659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     94574659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94574659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113535.004802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113535.004802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113535.004802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113535.004802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113535.004802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113535.004802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              467.257550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              749857321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1568739.165272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.257550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.019644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       130846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       130846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         130846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       130846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        130846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4487791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4487791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4487791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4487791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4487791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4487791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       130875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       130875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       130875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       130875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       130875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154751.413793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154751.413793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154751.413793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154751.413793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154751.413793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154751.413793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3582269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3582269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3582269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3582269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3582269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3582269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155750.826087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155750.826087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155750.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155750.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155750.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155750.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  346                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              108862547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             180834.795681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   117.122961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   138.877039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.457512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.542488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       103419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        75791                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75791                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       179210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         179210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       179210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        179210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total          892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          892                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total          892                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     96004893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96004893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1123104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1123104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     97127997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     97127997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     97127997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     97127997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       104299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        75803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       180102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       180102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       180102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       180102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109096.469318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109096.469318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        93592                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        93592                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108887.889013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108887.889013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108887.889013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108887.889013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35046897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35046897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       254658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       254658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35301555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35301555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35301555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35301555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101880.514535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101880.514535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        84886                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        84886                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101733.587896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101733.587896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101733.587896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101733.587896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              501.744908                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750132745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1494288.336653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.744908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.020425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       124815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       124815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         124815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       124815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        124815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2933944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2933944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2933944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2933944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2933944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2933944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       124832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       124832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       124832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       124832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       124832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172584.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172584.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172584.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172584.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172584.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172584.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2428569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2428569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2428569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2428569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2428569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2428569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       186813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       186813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       186813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       186813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       186813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       186813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 1096                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              125036094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1352                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             92482.318047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   190.743015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    65.256985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.745090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.254910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        94553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        76599                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76599                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       171152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         171152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       171152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        171152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2956                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    333986048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    333986048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     80802449                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80802449                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    414788497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    414788497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    414788497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    414788497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        97054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        77054                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77054                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       174108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       174108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.025769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005905                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005905                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.016978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.016978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 133541.002799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133541.002799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 177587.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177587.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 140320.871786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140320.871786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 140320.871786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140320.871786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          498                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             498                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1860                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1860                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    122767610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122767610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9711104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9711104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    132478714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132478714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    132478714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132478714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000792                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000792                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118616.048309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118616.048309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 159198.426230                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159198.426230                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120874.739051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120874.739051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120874.739051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120874.739051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              495.839384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              746973189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1505994.332661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.839384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.022179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       128577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       128577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         128577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       128577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        128577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3149330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3149330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3149330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3149330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3149330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3149330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       128597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       128597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       128597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       128597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       128597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157466.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157466.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157466.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157466.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 157466.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157466.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2237087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2237087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2237087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2237087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2237087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2237087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159791.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159791.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159791.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159791.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159791.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159791.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              117716429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             152482.420984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   167.450532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    88.549468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.654104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.345896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        88727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        74482                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74482                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       163209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         163209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       163209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        163209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    222283146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    222283146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5191816                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5191816                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    227474962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    227474962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    227474962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    227474962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        90511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        74533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       165044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       165044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.019710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124598.176009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124598.176009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101800.313725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101800.313725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123964.556948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123964.556948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123964.556948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123964.556948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     53237246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53237246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     53237246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53237246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     53237246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53237246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103172.957364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103172.957364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103172.957364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103172.957364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 103172.957364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103172.957364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.744978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750132726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1494288.298805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.744978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         124796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        124796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2942550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2942550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2942550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2942550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2942550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2942550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       124814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       124814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       163475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       163475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       163475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       163475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       163475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       163475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2388482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2388482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2388482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2388482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2388482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2388482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 183729.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183729.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 183729.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183729.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 183729.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183729.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 1094                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              125036360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             92619.525926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   190.536539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    65.463461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.744283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.255717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        94839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        76579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       171418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         171418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       171418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        171418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          405                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          405                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    330124885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    330124885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     72668722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72668722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    402793607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    402793607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    402793607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    402793607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        97290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        76984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       174274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       174274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.025193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005261                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005261                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 134689.875561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134689.875561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 179428.943210                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179428.943210                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 141034.176120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141034.176120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 141034.176120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 141034.176120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1762                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1762                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    124042111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124042111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8783771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8783771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    132825882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132825882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    132825882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132825882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000714                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000714                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119386.054860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119386.054860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 159704.927273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159704.927273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121413.054845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121413.054845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121413.054845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121413.054845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              499.240480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              746409279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1480970.791667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.240480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.038847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.800065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       129603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       129603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         129603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       129603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        129603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6146869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6146869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6146869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6146869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6146869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6146869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       129642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       129642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       129642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       129642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       129642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157612.025641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157612.025641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157612.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157612.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157612.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157612.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4791482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4791482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4791482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4791482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4791482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4791482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165223.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165223.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165223.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165223.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165223.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165223.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              112762220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             158151.781206                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   159.078788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    96.921212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.621402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.378598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        87459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        72847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       160306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         160306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       160306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        160306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    177014893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    177014893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1505925                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1505925                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    178520818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    178520818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    178520818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    178520818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        88916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        72865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       161781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       161781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.016386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000247                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121492.719973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121492.719973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 83662.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83662.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121031.063051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121031.063051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121031.063051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121031.063051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1018                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1018                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     46539241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46539241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       241131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       241131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     46780372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46780372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     46780372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46780372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102509.341410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102509.341410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        80377                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80377                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102364.052516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102364.052516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 102364.052516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102364.052516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
