
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010626                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10626142452                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537728205360                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 419398                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   539459                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 280808                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67616460                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 37841.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15870568904                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20413830144                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       259072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       395392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       155008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       262912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       190720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       259456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       255360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       149888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       414336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       261376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       184960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       261888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       260096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       255616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       185088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       389120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4209664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           69376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1246848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1246848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         2024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2027                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 32888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9741                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9741                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       397510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     24380626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       445693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     37209364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       433647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     14587420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       325236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     24741998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       493876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17948188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       325236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24416763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       409556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24031298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       385464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     14105589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       445693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     38992137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       337281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     24597449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       445693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     17406128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       337281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     24645632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       421602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     24476992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       421602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     24055390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       481831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     17418174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       421602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     36619121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               396161073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       397510                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       445693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       433647                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       325236                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       493876                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       325236                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       409556                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       385464                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       445693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       337281                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       445693                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       337281                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       421602                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       421602                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       481831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       421602                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6528804                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         117337783                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              117337783                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         117337783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       397510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     24380626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       445693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     37209364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       433647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     14587420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       325236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     24741998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       493876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17948188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       325236                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24416763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       409556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24031298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       385464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     14105589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       445693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     38992137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       337281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     24597449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       445693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     17406128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       337281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     24645632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       421602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     24476992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       421602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     24055390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       481831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     17418174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       421602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     36619121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              513498857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25482357                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2069486                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1696619                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204608                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       855733                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808295                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212421                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9128                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19801332                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11774702                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2069486                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1020716                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2589672                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        581090                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       651377                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1221267                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203236                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23415560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20825888     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         279861      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         324329      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         178167      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         207198      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         112948      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          76903      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         200064      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1210202      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23415560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081213                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.462073                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19637981                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       818048                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2568831                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        19667                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       371027                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       335923                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2152                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14373640                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        11358                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       371027                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19668960                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        236221                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       494936                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2558803                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        85607                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14364199                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        21734                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        40327                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19962294                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66894455                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66894455                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17025519                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2936758                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3834                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          230787                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373802                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       747907                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19894                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164673                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14341320                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3841                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13547673                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18347                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1804826                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4181436                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          498                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23415560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17705744     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298237      9.81%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234151      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       852722      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746547      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       381502      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92102      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59782      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44773      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23415560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3324     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12800     43.53%     54.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13283     45.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11337519     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212025      1.57%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1254439      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       742032      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13547673                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.531649                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29407                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50558659                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16150126                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13319714                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13577080                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34168                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245061                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          142                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17362                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       371027                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        188592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13637                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14345181                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5994                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373802                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       747907                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9398                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          142                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117918                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115268                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233186                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13345150                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1177180                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202522                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1918976                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1866638                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           741796                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523702                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13319988                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13319714                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7918720                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20742569                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522703                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381762                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12268684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2076589                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       205669                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23044533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18033028     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2323576     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974690      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584369      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405369      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261565      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136522      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109124      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216290      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23044533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12268684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1859286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1128741                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1755765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11060836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       249611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       216290                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37173451                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29061598                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                305571                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2066797                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12268684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.548235                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.548235                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392428                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392428                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60205713                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18485750                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13415172                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25482357                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2066837                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1690456                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204009                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       850156                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         812000                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211898                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9090                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20050520                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11731276                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2066837                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1023898                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2455922                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        594090                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       356143                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1234806                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205371                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23248258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20792336     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         133795      0.58%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         209227      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         333374      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         138318      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         154539      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         165365      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         107844      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1213460      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23248258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081109                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460369                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19864275                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       544181                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2448048                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         6352                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       385401                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       338603                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14321905                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1608                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       385401                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19896136                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        173805                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       279961                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2423171                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        89771                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14312256                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         2346                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        24841                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        33692                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4800                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19868914                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     66573578                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     66573578                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     16918416                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2950464                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3592                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1955                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          270284                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1364302                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       732901                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22052                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       166646                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14289650                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3604                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13505744                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17295                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843669                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4130239                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          302                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23248258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17555846     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2283702      9.82%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1248834      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       852564      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       797228      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       227868      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179457      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60384      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42375      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23248258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3224     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10076     39.21%     51.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12397     48.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11313240     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213734      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1637      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1248752      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728381      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13505744                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530004                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25697                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001903                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50302736                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16137071                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13284644                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13531441                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40133                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247599                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           28                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22803                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          879                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       385401                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        120353                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12340                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14293274                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6492                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1364302                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       732901                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1955                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9135                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117852                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117394                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       235246                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13310745                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1173895                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194997                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1901884                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1871673                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           727989                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522351                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13284929                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13284644                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7766869                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20292372                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521327                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382748                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9938233                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12181612                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2111682                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3302                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       208038                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22862857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17916598     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2395520     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933615      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501832      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       375851      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209863      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130153      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115671      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       283754      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22862857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9938233                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12181612                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1826801                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1116703                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1648                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1748508                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10976671                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       247501                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       283754                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           36872332                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          28972042                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                325669                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2234099                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9938233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12181612                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9938233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.564073                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.564073                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390004                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390004                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       60022938                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18416701                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13357620                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3298                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25482357                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2307461                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1921561                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211610                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       879139                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         841610                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         247897                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9818                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20076866                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12657218                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2307461                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1089507                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2637624                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        589985                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       666697                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1248456                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202352                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23757633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21120009     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         161319      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         203738      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         325287      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         136069      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         173999      0.73%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         203223      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          93055      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1340934      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23757633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090551                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.496705                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19958638                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       796449                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2625112                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1271                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       376161                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       350634                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          285                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     15471837                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1658                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       376161                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19979216                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         64680                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       675142                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2605756                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        56671                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     15376598                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        39518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     21476538                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     71499973                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     71499973                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     17938750                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3537745                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3705                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1926                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          199190                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1442162                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       751961                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8537                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       168739                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         15012549                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3719                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        14390491                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15405                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1844673                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3766551                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23757633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17662008     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2779581     11.70%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1136058      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       637116      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       862744      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266702      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262279      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       139874      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11271      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23757633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99966     79.10%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13542     10.72%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12869     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12123679     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196720      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1779      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1318891      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       749422      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     14390491                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.564724                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126377                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52680396                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16861031                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14014736                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14516868                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10715                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       276115                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10917                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       376161                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         49445                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6335                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15016275                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11419                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1442162                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       751961                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1924                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5508                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124861                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119377                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       244238                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14139339                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1297097                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251151                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2046413                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1999122                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           749316                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.554868                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             14014833                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            14014736                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8395773                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        22553710                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.549978                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372257                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10436622                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12860344                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2155990                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3593                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       213196                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23381472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17937976     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2759282     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1001765      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       498156      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456390      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191761      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190093      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90251      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       255798      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23381472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10436622                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12860344                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1907088                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1166044                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1864101                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11578455                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       265561                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       255798                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           38141930                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          30408874                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                307187                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1724724                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10436622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12860344                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10436622                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.441629                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.441629                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.409563                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.409563                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       63617963                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      19585082                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      14306557                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3590                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25482357                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1927989                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1726174                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154064                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1289790                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1272907                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112173                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4544                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20463498                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             10966528                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1927989                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1385080                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2444284                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        509026                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       304533                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1238407                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       150853                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23566441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21122157     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         378127      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         184262      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         372947      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         114328      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         346710      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          52749      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          86252      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         908909      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23566441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.075660                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.430358                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20198135                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       574878                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2439302                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1958                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       352167                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       177536                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         1960                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12225703                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         4632                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       352167                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20228152                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        349356                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       135550                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2411734                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        89476                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12206888                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         9400                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        72818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     15953759                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     55258895                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     55258895                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     12896923                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3056810                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1591                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          809                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          189007                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      2239945                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       347832                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3136                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        79400                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12143105                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1596                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        11355908                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7381                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2221407                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4572415                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23566441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18582802     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1554438      6.60%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1686789      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       975309      4.14%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       493071      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123732      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       143975      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3429      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2896      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23566441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18578     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7628     23.52%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6231     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8880283     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86373      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2043910     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       344558      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     11355908                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.445638                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32437                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002856                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46318075                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14366142                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11065760                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     11388345                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8682                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       459052                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9503                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       352167                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        229406                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10963                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12144713                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          514                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2239945                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347832                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          807                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4105                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          267                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103615                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59449                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       163064                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11214256                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2015451                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2359978                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1707661                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           344527                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.440079                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             11068603                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            11065760                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6704957                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        14450337                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.434252                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.464000                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8829772                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      9906166                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2239027                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1579                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       152914                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23214274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19545467     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1427819      6.15%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931424      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289534      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       490654      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93056      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        58980      0.25%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53599      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       323741      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23214274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      8829772                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      9906166                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2119215                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1780886                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1523276                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         8646320                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       120467                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       323741                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           35035700                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          24642826                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                458472                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1915916                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           8829772                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             9906166                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      8829772                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.885959                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.885959                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.346505                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.346505                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       52185729                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      14382019                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13045261                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1578                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25482357                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2102884                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1720508                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206918                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       863640                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         826227                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         216965                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9404                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20237549                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11760958                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2102884                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1043192                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2454149                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        566710                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       458797                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1239607                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206983                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23507607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21053458     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         114687      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         181608      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         245722      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         252559      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         213970      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         119929      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         177637      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1148037      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23507607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082523                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461533                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20032712                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       665663                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2449579                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2804                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       356847                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       346026                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14429416                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1545                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       356847                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20088209                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        137365                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       402649                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2397625                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       124910                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14423240                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        16986                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        54426                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     20125048                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     67096017                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     67096017                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17413755                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2711293                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3555                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1841                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          377042                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1350979                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       730766                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8626                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       228557                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14403632                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3568                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13668032                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1995                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1612277                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3867781                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          111                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23507607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17682749     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2427838     10.33%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1220720      5.19%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       893057      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705742      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288107      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182182      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94708      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12504      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23507607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2805     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8407     37.04%     49.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11486     50.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11494549     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       203927      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1712      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1239471      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728373      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13668032                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536372                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22698                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50868364                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16019540                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13459485                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13690730                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27711                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219390                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10874                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       356847                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        108945                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12270                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14407229                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5962                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1350979                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       730766                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1842                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10375                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119667                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116511                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       236178                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13476740                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1165471                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1893776                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1914565                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           728305                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.528866                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13459611                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13459485                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7727219                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20823955                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528188                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371074                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10151683                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12491973                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1915259                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3457                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       209291                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23150760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17990502     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2575307     11.12%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       956539      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457006      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406015      1.75%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222052      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180332      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87798      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       275209      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23150760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10151683                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12491973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1851481                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1131589                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1724                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1801504                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11255070                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       257292                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       275209                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           37282705                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          29171329                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                308549                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1974750                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10151683                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12491973                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10151683                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.510161                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.510161                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398381                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398381                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       60655163                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18748371                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13376077                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3454                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25482357                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1927811                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1725857                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1289231                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1272037                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112235                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4614                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20465999                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10964858                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1927811                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1384272                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2443827                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        509632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       303899                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1238583                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151103                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23568215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21124388     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         378299      1.61%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         183572      0.78%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         372691      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         114686      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         346304      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          52772      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          86330      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         909173      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23568215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075653                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.430292                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20196391                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       578421                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2438858                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2011                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       352533                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       177686                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1958                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12226330                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4611                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       352533                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20226924                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        351719                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       135517                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2410983                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        90533                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12207576                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9308                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        73922                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     15953717                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     55262647                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     55262647                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     12893697                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3060000                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1582                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          799                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          190429                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2239957                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       347965                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2975                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        79553                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12143121                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1586                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        11354111                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7475                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2224546                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4581304                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23568215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092370                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18584878     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555914      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1684783      7.15%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       975190      4.14%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       493581      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123665      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       143891      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3438      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2875      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23568215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18591     57.35%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7612     23.48%     80.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6212     19.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8879674     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86311      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2042752     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       344590      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     11354111                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.445568                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32415                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002855                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46316325                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14369289                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11063575                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     11386526                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8607                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       459882                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           39                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9641                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       352533                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        229573                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10995                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12144714                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          516                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2239957                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347965                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          798                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4025                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          243                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           39                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103584                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59850                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       163434                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11212469                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2014792                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2359353                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1707084                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           344561                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.440009                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11066473                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11063575                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6703298                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        14450543                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.434166                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.463879                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8827038                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      9903432                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2241757                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1578                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       153159                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23215682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298777                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19547473     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1427878      6.15%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930729      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289755      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       490824      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92929      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59130      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53602      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       323362      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23215682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8827038                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      9903432                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2118394                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1780070                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1522824                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         8644034                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       120465                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       323362                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35037483                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          24643172                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                458848                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1914142                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8827038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             9903432                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8827038                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.886853                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.886853                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.346398                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.346398                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       52175556                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      14379346                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13042590                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1576                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25482357                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2068876                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1697168                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854200                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808327                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211686                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9030                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19791927                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11768630                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2068876                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1020013                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2589083                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        583027                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       650391                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1221273                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203830                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23405829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20816746     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         279251      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         324942      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         178219      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         208077      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         112844      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          76723      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         199267      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1209760      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23405829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081189                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461834                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19629948                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       815852                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2568294                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        19452                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       372277                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       334822                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2151                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14366576                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        11483                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       372277                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19660797                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        246058                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       483327                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2558071                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        85293                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14356697                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        21666                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        40214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           16                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19950220                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     66858171                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     66858171                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     17003064                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2947131                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3845                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          231753                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1374635                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       746168                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19059                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       164154                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14332196                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3855                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13530599                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18136                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1811780                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4215985                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          516                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23405829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17702719     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2296608      9.81%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1232514      5.27%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       850372      3.63%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       745567      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       381766      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91827      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59861      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44595      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23405829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3311     11.17%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13083     44.14%     55.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13247     44.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11324919     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211607      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1656      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1252288      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       740129      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13530599                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530979                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29641                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002191                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50514799                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16147962                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13303448                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13560240                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34021                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247376                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16568                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       372277                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        198674                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13738                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14336074                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5911                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1374635                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       746168                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2188                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9539                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118467                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115557                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       234024                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13328910                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1175694                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201684                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1915566                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1864113                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           739872                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523064                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13303742                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13303448                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7910887                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        20723323                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522065                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381738                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9986821                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12252500                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2083654                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3339                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       206364                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23033551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18028017     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2321372     10.08%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       973422      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       583066      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405221      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       260845      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136887      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109113      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       215608      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23033551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9986821                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12252500                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1856855                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1127255                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1666                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1753453                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11046246                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       249283                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       215608                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           37154032                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          29044617                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                306233                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2076528                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9986821                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12252500                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9986821                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.551598                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.551598                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.391911                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.391911                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       60132842                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      18464591                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13406004                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25482357                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2309789                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1922683                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211285                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       882183                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         843375                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248314                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9827                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20080351                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12668527                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2309789                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1091689                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2641173                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        589466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       668108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1248472                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       201853                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23765877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21124704     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         162093      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         204216      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         325236      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         135996      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         175038      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         203360      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          93281      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1341953      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23765877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090643                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.497149                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19962120                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       798022                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2628433                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1339                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       375961                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       351786                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15487450                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1653                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       375961                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19982899                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         64366                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       676566                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2608920                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        57158                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15391054                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         8201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        39752                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     21493310                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     71567781                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     71567781                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17959278                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3534020                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3728                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1947                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          201167                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445003                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       753311                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8492                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       169992                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15027471                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3744                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14407089                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15007                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1841765                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3765206                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          147                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23765877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327288                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17663801     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2780584     11.70%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1139217      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       637985      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       863912      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266686      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       261999      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140500      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11193      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23765877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99394     78.90%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13692     10.87%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12881     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12136107     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196803      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1781      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1321581      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       750817      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14407089                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.565375                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125967                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008743                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52721026                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16873072                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14030676                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14533056                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10912                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277639                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           96                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11433                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       375961                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         48964                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6270                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15031222                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11455                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445003                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       753311                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1947                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5463                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           96                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124090                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119442                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       243532                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14156152                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1299602                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       250934                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2050315                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2001884                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           750713                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.555528                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14030775                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14030676                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8406111                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        22580176                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.550604                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372278                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10448545                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12875013                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2156266                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3597                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       212873                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23389916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17940439     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2762412     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1002518      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       499195      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456740      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191619      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190319      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90381      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256293      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23389916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10448545                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12875013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1909242                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1167364                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1866225                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11591659                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       265861                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       256293                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           38164824                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          30438541                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                306783                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1716480                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10448545                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12875013                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10448545                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.438843                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.438843                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.410031                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.410031                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       63691443                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      19605443                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14320589                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3594                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25482106                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1985237                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1790759                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106520                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       756886                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         706478                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109409                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4628                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21025631                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12492723                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1985237                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       815887                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2468330                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        334536                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       480064                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1209277                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106865                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     24199438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21731108     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          87790      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         180362      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          74983      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         408371      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         364431      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          70731      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         148679      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1132983      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     24199438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077907                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.490255                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20906780                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       600489                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2459298                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         7704                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       225162                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       174607                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          251                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14648735                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1524                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       225162                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20929276                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        422526                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       109652                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2445884                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        66931                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14640308                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        27340                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        24824                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          550                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     17205009                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     68950875                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     68950875                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     15221315                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        1983620                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1767                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          926                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          173150                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3448107                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1743270                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15924                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        85240                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14609769                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1774                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        14037406                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7436                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1147832                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2751389                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           78                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24199438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19216322     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1488265      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1225764      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       529413      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       672508      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       649956      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369444      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29230      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18536      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24199438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35592     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       276665     86.38%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8024      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8813945     62.79%     62.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122686      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          840      0.01%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3360992     23.94%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1738943     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     14037406                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.550873                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320281                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022816                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52601967                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15759738                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13914992                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     14357687                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25536                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136071                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          364                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11444                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1244                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       225162                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        385773                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18045                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14611561                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3448107                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1743270                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          927                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12332                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          364                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61114                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63576                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       124690                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13937371                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3349499                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100035                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            5088260                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1825176                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1738761                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.546947                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13915518                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13914992                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7519026                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        14823476                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.546069                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507238                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11293779                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     13272368                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1340316                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1696                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       108610                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23974276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19162961     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1754544      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       823737      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       814871      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221064      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       947370      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70739      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51723      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127267      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23974276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11293779                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     13272368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              5043837                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             3312024                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1752515                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11802743                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       128658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       127267                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           38459654                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          29450638                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                462924                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1282668                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11293779                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            13272368                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11293779                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.256296                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.256296                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.443204                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.443204                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       68886770                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      16172182                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      17430635                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1694                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25482357                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1926511                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1724956                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154390                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1300898                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1273303                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112208                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4611                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20465778                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             10954848                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1926511                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1385511                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2442446                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        508259                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       308303                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1238448                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151179                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23569564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21127118     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         378423      1.61%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         183347      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         372731      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         114437      0.49%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         347082      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          52955      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          86154      0.37%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         907317      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23569564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075602                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.429899                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20199095                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       579986                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2437422                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1985                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       351075                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       177310                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1962                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     12213643                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         4647                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       351075                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20229247                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        352062                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       137387                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2409735                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        90052                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     12194855                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         9448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        73285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     15938005                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     55203739                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     55203739                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     12895620                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3042382                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1589                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          806                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          189858                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2238975                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       347176                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3239                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        79104                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12131609                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1594                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        11348845                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7437                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2210824                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4550946                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23569564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.091929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18587056     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555792      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1686240      7.15%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974119      4.13%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       492755      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123467      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       143880      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3459      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2796      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23569564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18585     57.30%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7635     23.54%     80.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6214     19.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8874783     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86344      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2043012     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       343922      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     11348845                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.445361                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32434                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46307125                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14344065                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11059352                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     11381279                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8808                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       458413                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8847                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       351075                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        231164                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11087                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12133209                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          421                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2238975                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347176                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          805                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4175                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          257                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104030                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59141                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       163171                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11207698                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2014599                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2358486                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1706885                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           343887                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.439822                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             11062210                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            11059352                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6701565                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        14439378                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.434000                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.464117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8828665                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      9905059                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2228639                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1579                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       153232                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23218489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19550099     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1427860      6.15%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931196      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289434      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       490523      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92988      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59001      0.25%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53637      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       323751      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23218489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      8828665                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      9905059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2118889                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1780561                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1523085                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         8645403                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       120467                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       323751                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           35028410                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          24618725                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                458568                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1912793                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           8828665                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             9905059                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      8828665                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.886321                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.886321                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.346462                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.346462                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       52155726                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      14374108                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13032235                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1578                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25482063                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2104363                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1721993                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206780                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       863671                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         826346                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217110                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9418                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20242426                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11767353                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2104363                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1043456                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2455771                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        566494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       459864                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1239868                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206885                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23515087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21059316     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         114731      0.49%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         181882      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         245981      1.05%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         252503      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         214122      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         120551      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         177189      0.75%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1148812      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23515087                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082582                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461790                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20038365                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       665980                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2451134                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2841                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       356765                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       345981                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14437867                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1530                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       356765                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20093822                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        136269                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       404129                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2399258                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       124842                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14431679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        16896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        54445                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     20138712                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     67136690                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     67136690                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     17427923                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2710672                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3571                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1855                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          376949                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1352327                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       731296                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8639                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       246749                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14411769                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3585                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13676646                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1994                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1610523                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3867907                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23515087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17673020     75.16%     75.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2446202     10.40%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1226521      5.22%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       888001      3.78%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       703079      2.99%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288580      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182288      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94713      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12683      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23515087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2798     12.34%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8405     37.05%     49.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11480     50.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11501087     84.09%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204139      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1714      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1240961      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728745      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13676646                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.536717                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22683                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50893056                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16025935                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13468064                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13699329                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28340                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219788                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10786                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       356765                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        108399                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12201                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14415380                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5961                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1352327                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       731296                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1857                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10283                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119620                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116496                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       236116                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13485408                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1166618                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191238                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1895303                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1915913                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           728685                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.529212                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13468207                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13468064                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7732502                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        20836292                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528531                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371107                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10160028                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12502232                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1913068                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3461                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       209163                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23158322                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17982048     77.65%     77.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2588869     11.18%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       956266      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457221      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       413888      1.79%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222369      0.96%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       175855      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87807      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273999      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23158322                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10160028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12502232                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1853026                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1132525                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1726                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1802984                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11264331                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       257509                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       273999                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           37299545                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          29187477                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                308551                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1966976                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10160028                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12502232                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10160028                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.508070                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.508070                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398713                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398713                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       60695107                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      18761053                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13383719                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3458                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25482357                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1925901                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1724487                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154794                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1303184                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1272675                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112360                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4630                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20464978                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10952128                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1925901                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1385035                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2441991                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        509159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       302910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1238641                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151562                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23563414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519219                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21121423     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         377808      1.60%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         183911      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         372338      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         114712      0.49%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         346823      1.47%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          53120      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          85977      0.36%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         907302      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23563414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075578                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.429793                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20198244                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       574638                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2436962                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1991                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       351578                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       177233                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1957                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12212447                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4634                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       351578                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20228473                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        348319                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       136040                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2409241                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        89757                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12193413                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9329                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        73092                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15938372                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     55201125                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     55201125                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     12888365                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3049987                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1588                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          806                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          189267                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2236750                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       347089                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3164                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        79003                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12129294                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1593                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        11345943                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7313                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2214819                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4557374                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23563414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18582528     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1556077      6.60%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1684821      7.15%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       973284      4.13%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       492550      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123770      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144148      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3454      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2782      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23563414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18632     57.42%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7600     23.42%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6214     19.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8873369     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86389      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2041600     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       343801      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     11345943                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.445247                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32446                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46295057                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14345739                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11055274                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     11378389                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8463                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       458027                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8768                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       351578                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        227565                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10933                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12130893                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2236750                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347089                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          804                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4070                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          258                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104480                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59261                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       163741                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11203508                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2012445                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142433                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2356211                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1705637                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           343766                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.439657                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             11058054                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            11055274                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6699020                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14444243                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.433840                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.463785                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8822524                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9898918                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2232471                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1579                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       153641                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23211836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298612                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19544828     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1428079      6.15%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930441      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289076      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       490212      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93289      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59043      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53766      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       323102      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23211836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8822524                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9898918                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2117039                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1778718                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1522084                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         8640256                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       120463                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       323102                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           35020097                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          24614626                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                458525                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1918943                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8822524                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9898918                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8822524                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.888330                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.888330                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.346221                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.346221                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       52134807                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      14370596                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13027376                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1578                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25482357                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2069637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1697581                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204707                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852084                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808609                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211751                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9043                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19791657                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11770146                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2069637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1020360                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2589493                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        581654                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       656703                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1220717                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203250                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23411496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20822003     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         279806      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         325908      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         178001      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         206890      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         112770      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          76494      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         199522      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1210102      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23411496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081218                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461894                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19628393                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       823347                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2568246                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        20014                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       371490                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       335151                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2153                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14366664                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        11456                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       371490                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19659685                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        241283                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       494301                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2558191                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        86540                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14357289                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        22056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        40715                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19953566                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     66858677                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     66858677                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17016822                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2936730                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3780                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2123                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          233185                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373221                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       747213                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20016                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       163473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14333698                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3786                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13537667                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17758                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1805097                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4185284                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          448                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23411496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17703994     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298291      9.82%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233217      5.27%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853484      3.65%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       745476      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       380613      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92026      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59795      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44600      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23411496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3303     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12790     43.51%     54.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13305     45.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11330076     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211846      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1657      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1252935      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       741153      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13537667                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.531256                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29398                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002172                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50533984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16142715                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13310462                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13567065                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34230                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245018                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17016                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       371490                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        193973                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13727                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14337506                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6313                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373221                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       747213                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2119                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9486                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118221                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115151                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       233372                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13335430                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1176653                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202235                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1917562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1865938                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           740909                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.523320                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13310729                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13310462                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7915737                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20728205                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522340                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381882                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9994945                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12262555                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2075106                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3338                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       205770                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23040006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18030560     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2322175     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974876      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584271      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405523      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       260918      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136574      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109183      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       215926      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23040006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9994945                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12262555                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1858400                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1128203                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1666                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1754913                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11055326                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       249503                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       215926                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37161676                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29046834                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                305205                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2070861                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9994945                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12262555                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9994945                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.549524                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.549524                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.392230                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.392230                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       60161893                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18474901                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13409783                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3334                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25482357                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2067669                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1696169                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205287                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       855097                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808199                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211723                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9082                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19800334                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11756829                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2067669                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1019922                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2586864                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        580886                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       655732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1221565                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203883                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23415216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20828352     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         279210      1.19%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         325166      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         177985      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         207767      0.89%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         112632      0.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          77224      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         199408      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1207472      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23415216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081141                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461371                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19639038                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       820384                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2566368                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        19287                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       370133                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       334582                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2154                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14350125                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        11398                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       370133                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19669550                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        231910                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       503086                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2556360                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        84171                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14340455                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        21129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        39941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19932555                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     66780573                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     66780573                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17009990                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2922560                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3827                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2168                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          229091                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1371031                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       745889                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19120                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       163489                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14316737                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3834                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13527673                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17340                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1790725                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4147476                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          496                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23415216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17711801     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2297123      9.81%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1232290      5.26%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       852441      3.64%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       744393      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       380913      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91844      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59842      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44569      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23415216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3291     11.16%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12864     43.63%     54.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13326     45.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11323045     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211618      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1657      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1251302      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       740051      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13527673                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530864                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29481                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50517383                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16111424                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13301659                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13557154                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34075                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       243291                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           89                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          131                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15992                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       370133                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        184950                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13500                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14320590                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6154                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1371031                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       745889                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2167                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9577                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          131                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118491                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115586                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       234077                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13325979                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1175399                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201694                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1915202                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1864883                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           739803                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.522949                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13301915                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13301659                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7910543                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20712823                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.521995                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381915                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9990889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257572                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2063128                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3338                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       206364                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23045083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18037303     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2322158     10.08%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974046      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       583162      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405567      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261457      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136888      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109061      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       215441      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23045083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9990889                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12257572                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1857634                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1127737                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1666                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1754211                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11050808                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       249394                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       215441                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37150277                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29011552                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                306271                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2067141                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9990889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12257572                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9990889                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.550560                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.550560                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.392071                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.392071                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       60121799                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18464298                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13394831                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3334                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25482357                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2104296                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1721625                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       207266                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       863986                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         826096                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217173                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9444                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20246003                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11766291                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2104296                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1043269                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2454677                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        567872                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       459163                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1240445                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207339                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23517770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21063093     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         114616      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         181069      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         245588      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         252331      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         214696      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         119964      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         178604      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1147809      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23517770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082579                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461743                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20041707                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       665547                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2450063                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2786                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       357665                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       346255                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14435444                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1529                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       357665                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20097005                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        135407                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       404968                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2398276                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       124447                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14429157                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        16807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        54314                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     20134527                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     67122695                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     67122695                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17416523                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2718004                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3567                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1851                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          375588                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1351112                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       731148                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8683                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       228690                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14409650                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3580                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13672745                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2005                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1615213                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3873322                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23517770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17690904     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2428551     10.33%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1220971      5.19%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       893981      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705691      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288504      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       181753      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94813      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12602      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23517770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2802     12.35%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8407     37.05%     49.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11485     50.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11498558     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204016      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1713      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1239741      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728717      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13672745                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.536557                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22694                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50887959                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16028499                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13464730                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13695439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27424                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219322                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11116                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       357665                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        107199                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12243                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14413259                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5949                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1351112                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       731148                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1854                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10397                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119977                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116739                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       236716                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13481888                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1165931                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190857                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1894596                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1915562                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           728665                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.529068                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13464883                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13464730                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7729649                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20828408                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.528394                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371111                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10153339                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12494061                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1919202                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3457                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       209642                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23160105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17998972     77.72%     77.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2575581     11.12%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       956297      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457587      1.98%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406146      1.75%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222413      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180218      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87960      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       274931      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23160105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10153339                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12494061                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1851822                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1131790                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1724                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1801831                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11256956                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       257346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       274931                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37298359                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29184205                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                308861                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1964587                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10153339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12494061                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10153339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.509751                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.509751                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.398446                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.398446                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60677441                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18755546                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13382302                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3454                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25482357                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2068054                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1691376                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       203536                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       853439                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813014                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212041                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9123                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20045176                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11736815                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2068054                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1025055                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2458218                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        592159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       359454                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1234411                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204843                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23247056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616901                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20788838     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         133664      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         209752      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         334284      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         138906      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         155319      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         164924      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         107597      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1213772      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23247056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081156                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460586                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19861304                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       545148                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2450256                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         6412                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       383935                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       338843                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14329828                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1627                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       383935                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19892700                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        175368                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       280743                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2425874                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        88423                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14319857                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         2211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        24621                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        33331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4408                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19878453                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     66609083                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     66609083                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     16932643                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2945784                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3651                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2012                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          267224                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1365382                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       733600                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22075                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       166887                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14297622                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3660                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13516765                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17209                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1840445                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4114723                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          357                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23247056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17550995     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2283879      9.82%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1250263      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       852857      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       798371      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       228806      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179069      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60667      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42149      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23247056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3243     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10051     39.10%     51.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12410     48.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11322625     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213996      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1638      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1249593      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728913      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13516765                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530436                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25704                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001902                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50323499                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16141884                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13296474                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13542469                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40771                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247756                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           35                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22938                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          877                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       383935                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        121389                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12176                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14301303                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1365382                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       733600                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2011                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8948                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117694                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117114                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       234808                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13322637                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1175105                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194128                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1903644                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1873724                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           728539                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522818                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13296717                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13296474                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7775267                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        20311936                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.521791                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382793                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9946455                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12191773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2109578                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3303                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       207565                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22863121                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17912023     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2398443     10.49%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933990      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       503089      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       375546      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209929      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130487      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115580      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       284034      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22863121                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9946455                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12191773                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1828288                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1117626                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1648                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1750016                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10985777                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       247707                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       284034                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           36880373                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          28986687                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                325409                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2235301                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9946455                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12191773                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9946455                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.561954                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.561954                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390327                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390327                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       60075546                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18433032                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13364606                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          32905                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.024955                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1164009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          65668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          17.725665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           323.636717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.746589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   883.362194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.055723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1261.688586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.384031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   519.077273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.387636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   855.952938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.566924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   627.260521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.409263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   850.002422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    20.846271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   866.266709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.482234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   501.269344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    22.544590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1383.371922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    18.918606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   850.252025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    26.576733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   606.626400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.776598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   866.687159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.251182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   871.892852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    21.147300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   868.945735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    26.457507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   606.315488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.315353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1260.415735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1127.131870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1316.394327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           784.691855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1317.796150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           913.459574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1370.361708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1180.773555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           792.860297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1385.156451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1374.862363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           942.669383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1372.027442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1109.733494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1157.049882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           926.486937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1332.679106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.009877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.026958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.038504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.015841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.026122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.019142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.025940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.026436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.015298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.042217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.025948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.018513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.026449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.026608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.026518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.018503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.038465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.034397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.040173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.023947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.040216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.027877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.041820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.036034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.024196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.042272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.041957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.028768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.041871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.033866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.035310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.028274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.040670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   54947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            18059                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 18059                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    55154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4191                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2570                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2640                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3542                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3641                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2614                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4904                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3520                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2691                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3628                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3657                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2681                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4212                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   55154                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 32878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  32888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2024                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3089                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1211                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2054                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1490                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2027                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1995                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1171                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3237                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1445                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2046                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2032                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1997                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1446                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3040                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 32888                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4980270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    304372066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5647297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    466326565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5655327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    184077566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3943929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    310229770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6234611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    225021664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4089627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    305206824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5155173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    300416477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4834683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    179226923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5632772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    491803104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4180156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    307279202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5806343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    218799340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4148033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    308660965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5389480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    307182210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5553948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    301773986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6245071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    216664298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5244560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    461095664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4970877904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       271897                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       271496                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       304786                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       272760                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       293904                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1414843                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4980270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    304643963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5647297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    466326565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5655327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    184077566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3943929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    310229770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6234611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    225021664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4089627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    305206824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5155173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    300687973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4834683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    179226923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5632772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    492107890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4180156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    307279202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5806343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    218799340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4148033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    308660965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5389480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    307454970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5553948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    302067890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6245071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    216664298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5244560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    461095664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4972292747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4980270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    304643963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5647297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    466326565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5655327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    184077566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3943929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    310229770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6234611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    225021664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4089627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    305206824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5155173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    300687973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4834683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    179226923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5632772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    492107890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4180156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    307279202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5806343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    218799340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4148033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    308660965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5389480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    307454970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5553948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    302067890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6245071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    216664298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5244560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    461095664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4972292747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               87825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18059                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             18059                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               217                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                88042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               88042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.359531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.425189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.321647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.369424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.362266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.941176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.310775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.397811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.367531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.368516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.359738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.353912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.420064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.374358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.046083                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.358802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.424313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.320286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.369026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.941176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.309379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.397617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.367134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.349371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.368118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.359011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.353201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.419195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.373549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.358802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.424313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.320286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.369026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.941176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.309379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.397617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.367134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.349371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.368118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.359011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.353201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.419195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.373549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150917.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150530.200791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152629.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150963.601489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157092.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152004.596201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 146071.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151036.888997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152063.682927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151021.251007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151467.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150570.707449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151622.735294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150735.813848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151083.843750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153054.588386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152237.081081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152025.689026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149291.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150479.530852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156928.189189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151418.228374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148144.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150860.686706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153985.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151321.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158684.228571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151265.155890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156126.775000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149836.997234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149844.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151676.205263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151191.614575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 135948.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       135748                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       152393                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       136380                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       146952                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141484.300000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150917.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150515.791996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152629.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150963.601489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157092.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152004.596201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 146071.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151036.888997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152063.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151021.251007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151467.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150570.707449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151622.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150720.788471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151083.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153054.588386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152237.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152025.915972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149291.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150479.530852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156928.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151418.228374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148144.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150860.686706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153985.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151306.579724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158684.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151260.836254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156126.775000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149836.997234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149844.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151676.205263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151188.662947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 150917.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150515.791996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152629.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150963.601489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157092.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152004.596201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 146071.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151036.888997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 152063.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151021.251007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 151467.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150570.707449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151622.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150720.788471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151083.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153054.588386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152237.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152025.915972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149291.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150479.530852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156928.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151418.228374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148144.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150860.686706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153985.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151306.579724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158684.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151260.836254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156126.775000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149836.997234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 149844.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151676.205263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151188.662947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9741                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9741                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            32878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             32888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            32888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3061383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    186582101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3492977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    286464808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3563011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    113565011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2372368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    190564354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3852031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    138259913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2519209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    187135501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3177358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    184349763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2974711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    111052480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3477426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    303470220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2549139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    188341370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3658276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    134641078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2517247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189467508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3352640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    188970100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3518668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    185583443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3922493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    132458320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3207752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    284086248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3056208907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       154967                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       154914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       187417                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       155710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       177840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       830848                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3061383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    186737068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3492977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    286464808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3563011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    113565011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2372368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    190564354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3852031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    138259913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2519209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    187135501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3177358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    184504677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2974711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    111052480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3477426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    303657637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2549139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    188341370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3658276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    134641078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2517247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189467508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3352640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    189125810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3518668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    185761283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3922493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    132458320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3207752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    284086248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3057039755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3061383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    186737068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3492977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    286464808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3563011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    113565011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2372368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    190564354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3852031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    138259913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2519209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    187135501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3177358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    184504677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2974711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    111052480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3477426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    303657637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2549139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    188341370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3658276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    134641078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2517247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189467508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3352640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    189125810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3518668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    185761283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3922493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    132458320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3207752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    284086248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3057039755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.359531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.425189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.321647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.369424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.362266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.354689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.310775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.397811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.367531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.350898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.368516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.359738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.353912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.420064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.374358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.358802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.424313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.320286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.369026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.309379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.397617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.367134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.349371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.368118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.359011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.353201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.419195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.373549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.358802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.424313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.320286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.369026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.309379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.397617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.367134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.349371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.368118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.359011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.353201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.350376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.419195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.373549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92769.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92276.014342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94404.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92737.069602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98972.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93777.878613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 87865.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92777.192795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93951.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92791.887919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93304.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92321.411445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93451.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92498.626693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92959.718750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94835.593510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93984.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93808.414219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91040.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92233.775710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98872.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93177.216609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89901.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92603.865103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95789.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93088.719212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100533.371429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93024.282206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 98062.325000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91603.264177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91650.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93449.423684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92956.046809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 77483.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        77457                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93708.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        77855                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        88920                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83084.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92769.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92261.397233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94404.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92737.069602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98972.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93777.878613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 87865.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92777.192795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93951.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92791.887919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93304.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92321.411445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93451.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92483.547368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92959.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94835.593510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93984.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93808.352487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91040.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92233.775710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98872.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93177.216609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89901.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92603.865103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95789.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93073.725394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100533.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93020.171758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 98062.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91603.264177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91650.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93449.423684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92953.045336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 92769.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92261.397233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94404.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92737.069602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98972.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93777.878613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 87865.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92777.192795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 93951.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92791.887919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93304.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92321.411445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93451.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92483.547368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92959.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94835.593510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 93984.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93808.352487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91040.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92233.775710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98872.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93177.216609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 89901.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92603.865103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95789.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93073.725394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 100533.371429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93020.171758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 98062.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91603.264177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 91650.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93449.423684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92953.045336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              511.210415                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001229317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1940366.893411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    29.210415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.046812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1221225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1221225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6822379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6822379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6822379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6822379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6822379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6822379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162437.595238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162437.595238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162437.595238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162437.595238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162437.595238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162437.595238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5552562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5552562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5552562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5552562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5552562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5552562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163310.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163310.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163310.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163310.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163310.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163310.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 5641                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              158373707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 5897                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             26856.657114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   225.269308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    30.730692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.879958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.120042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       859506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       726502                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726502                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1769                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1769                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1586008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1586008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1586008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1586008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          452                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          452                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2425619470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2425619470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     51741131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51741131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2477360601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2477360601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2477360601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2477360601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1769                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1769                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1605816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1605816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1605816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1605816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125316.153647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125316.153647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114471.528761                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114471.528761                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125068.689469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125068.689469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125068.689469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125068.689469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1945                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1945                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        13732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14167                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    567748629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    567748629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1280990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1280990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    569029619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    569029619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    569029619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    569029619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100951.036451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100951.036451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 75352.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75352.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100873.890977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100873.890977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100873.890977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100873.890977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              518.670906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1005692802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1904721.215909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    28.670906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.045947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1234757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1234757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1234757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1234757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1234757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1234757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7912166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7912166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7912166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7912166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7912166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7912166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1234806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1234806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1234806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1234806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1234806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1234806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161472.775510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161472.775510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161472.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161472.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161472.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161472.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6205239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6205239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6205239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6205239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6205239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6205239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163295.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163295.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163295.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163295.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163295.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163295.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 7280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              167224875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 7536                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             22190.137341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.547758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.452242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.888858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.111142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       854577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        854577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       706679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1561256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1561256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1561256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1561256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        18697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        18697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2226539308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2226539308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7960769                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7960769                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2234500077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2234500077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2234500077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2234500077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       873186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       873186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       706767                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706767                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1905                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1579953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1579953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1579953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1579953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119648.519963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119648.519963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 90463.284091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90463.284091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119511.155640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119511.155640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119511.155640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119511.155640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    779007848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    779007848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1063828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1063828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    780071676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    780071676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    780071676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    780071676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107227.508328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107227.508328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 70921.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70921.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107152.702747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107152.702747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107152.702747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107152.702747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              488.014016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1003037365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2034558.549696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.014016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.052907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1248407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1248407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1248407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1248407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1248407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1248407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8354648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8354648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8354648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8354648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8354648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8354648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1248456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1248456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1248456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1248456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1248456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1248456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170503.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170503.020408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170503.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170503.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170503.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170503.020408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6552492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6552492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6552492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6552492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6552492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6552492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       172434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       172434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       172434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 3781                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              148771330                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             36851.951945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   219.874902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    36.125098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.858886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.141114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       993333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        993333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       737354                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       737354                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1890                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1730687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1730687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1730687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1730687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           62                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         9679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         9679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1024617900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1024617900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5862702                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5862702                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1030480602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1030480602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1030480602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1030480602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1002950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1002950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       737416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       737416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1740366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1740366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1740366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1740366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106542.362483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106542.362483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94559.709677                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94559.709677                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106465.606158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106465.606158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106465.606158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106465.606158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5898                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5898                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    366949345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    366949345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1192476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1192476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    368141821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    368141821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    368141821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    368141821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 97463.305445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97463.305445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 74529.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74529.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 97366.257868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97366.257868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 97366.257868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97366.257868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              548.841907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              919935556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1657541.542342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    22.510707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   526.331200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.036075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1238373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1238373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1238373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1238373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1238373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1238373                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5132061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5132061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5132061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5132061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5132061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5132061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1238407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1238407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1238407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150942.970588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150942.970588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150942.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150942.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 150942.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150942.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4351635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4351635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4351635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4351635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4351635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4351635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155415.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155415.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155415.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155415.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155415.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155415.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5566                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              205254889                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             35255.047922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   192.221498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    63.778502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.750865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.249135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1847046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1847046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       336705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2183751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        2183751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2183751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       2183751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        19417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        19417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2114641563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2114641563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2533202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2533202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2117174765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2117174765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2117174765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2117174765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1866433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1866433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       336735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2203168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2203168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2203168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2203168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109075.234074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109075.234074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84440.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84440.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109037.171808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109037.171808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109037.171808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109037.171808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          642                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             642                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    567343948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    567343948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       398990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       398990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    567742938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    567742938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    567742938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    567742938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102040.278417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102040.278417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 66498.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66498.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102001.965146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102001.965146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102001.965146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102001.965146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              513.953456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              999935390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1926657.784200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    39.178540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   474.774916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.062786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.760857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.823643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1239555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1239555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1239555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1239555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1239555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9062486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9062486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9062486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9062486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      9062486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9062486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1239607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1239607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1239607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174278.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174278.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174278.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174278.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174278.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174278.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7496622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7496622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7496622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7496622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7496622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7496622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170377.772727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170377.772727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170377.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170377.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170377.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170377.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4130                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              152468424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             34762.522572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   223.376133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    32.623867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.872563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.127437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       852772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        852772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       716479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       716479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1569251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1569251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        13294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        13294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1581483247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1581483247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9093249                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9093249                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1590576496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1590576496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1590576496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1590576496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       865966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       865966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       716579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       716579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1582545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1582545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119863.820449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119863.820449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 90932.490000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90932.490000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119646.193471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119646.193471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119646.193471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119646.193471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9164                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9164                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    416782565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    416782565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1298453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1298453                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    418081018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    418081018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    418081018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    418081018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101332.984440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101332.984440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 76379.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76379.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101230.270702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101230.270702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101230.270702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101230.270702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              548.417211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              919935733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1657541.861261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.086292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.330919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.035395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1238550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1238550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1238550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1238550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1238550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1238550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5237014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5237014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5237014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5237014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5237014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5237014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1238583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1238583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1238583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158697.393939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158697.393939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158697.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158697.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158697.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158697.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4551708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4551708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4551708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4551708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4551708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4551708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       162561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       162561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       162561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5569                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              205254318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35236.792790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   191.086674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    64.913326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.746432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.253568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1846486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1846486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       336701                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336701                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          789                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          789                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2183187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2183187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2183187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2183187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2097208226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2097208226                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2609773                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2609773                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2099817999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2099817999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2099817999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2099817999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1865824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1865824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       336731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          789                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          789                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2202555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2202555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2202555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2202555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108450.109939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108450.109939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86992.433333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86992.433333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108416.873141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108416.873141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108416.873141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108416.873141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13799                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13799                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    564464582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    564464582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       416796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       416796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    564881378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    564881378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    564881378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    564881378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101467.658098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101467.658098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        69466                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69466                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101433.179745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101433.179745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101433.179745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101433.179745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              511.144727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1001229322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1936613.775629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    29.144727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.046706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1221230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1221230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1221230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1221230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1221230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7068610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7068610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7068610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7068610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7068610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7068610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1221273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1221273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1221273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164386.279070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164386.279070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164386.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164386.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164386.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164386.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5787484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5787484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5787484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5787484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5787484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5787484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165356.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165356.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165356.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165356.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165356.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165356.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5636                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              158371703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             26879.107773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   225.257127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    30.742873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.879911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.120089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       858445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       725558                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       725558                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1772                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1772                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1668                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1668                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1584003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1584003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1584003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1584003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          455                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        19866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        19866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2447685649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2447685649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     52882514                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     52882514                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2500568163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2500568163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2500568163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2500568163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       877856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       877856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       726013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1772                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1772                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1668                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1668                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1603869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1603869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1603869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1603869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.022112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 126097.864561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126097.864561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 116225.305495                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116225.305495                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 125871.748867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125871.748867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 125871.748867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125871.748867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1976                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1976                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    567388995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    567388995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1284926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1284926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    568673921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    568673921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    568673921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    568673921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100976.863321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100976.863321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 75583.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75583.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100900.269872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100900.269872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100900.269872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100900.269872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              486.493643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1003037387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2051201.200409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    31.493643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.050471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1248429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1248429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1248429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1248429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1248429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1248429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7064001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7064001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7064001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7064001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7064001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7064001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1248472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1248472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1248472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1248472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1248472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1248472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164279.093023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164279.093023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164279.093023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164279.093023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164279.093023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164279.093023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5653835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5653835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5653835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5653835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5653835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5653835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166289.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166289.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166289.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166289.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 166289.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166289.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3785                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148774081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             36816.154665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   219.865345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    36.134655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.858849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.141151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       995243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        995243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       738170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       738170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1733413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1733413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1733413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1733413                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           76                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         9752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9752                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         9752                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1025672059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1025672059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7511795                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7511795                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1033183854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1033183854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1033183854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1033183854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1004919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1004919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       738246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       738246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1913                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1743165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1743165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1743165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1743165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106001.659673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106001.659673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 98839.407895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98839.407895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105945.842289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105945.842289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105945.842289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105945.842289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          833                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             833                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    365616435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    365616435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1431159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1431159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    367047594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    367047594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    367047594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    367047594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 97031.962580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97031.962580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84185.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84185.823529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96974.265258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96974.265258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96974.265258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96974.265258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              570.729778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1030792006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1774168.685026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.187417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   540.542361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.048377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.866254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1209225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1209225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1209225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1209225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1209225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1209225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8083600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8083600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8083600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8083600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8083600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8083600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1209277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1209277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1209277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1209277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1209277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1209277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155453.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155453.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155453.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155453.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155453.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155453.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6086433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6086433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6086433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6086433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6086433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6086433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160169.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160169.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160169.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160169.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160169.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160169.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 8140                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              406436460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 8396                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             48408.344450                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.089517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.910483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.433943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.566057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3160396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3160396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1730063                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1730063                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          910                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          910                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4890459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        4890459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4890459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       4890459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        28806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        28806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3337193218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3337193218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3109929                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3109929                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3340303147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3340303147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3340303147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3340303147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3189172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3189172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1730093                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1730093                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          910                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          910                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          847                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4919265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4919265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4919265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4919265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 115971.407353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115971.407353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 103664.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103664.300000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 115958.590120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115958.590120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 115958.590120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115958.590120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1603                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1603                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20665                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20665                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    867306888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    867306888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       800410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       800410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    868107298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    868107298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    868107298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    868107298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106653.576980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106653.576980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 88934.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88934.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106633.988208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106633.988208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106633.988208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106633.988208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              549.105966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              919935595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1654560.422662                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.775076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.330890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.036499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1238412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1238412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1238412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1238412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1238412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1238412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5443824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5443824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5443824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5443824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5443824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5443824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1238448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1238448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1238448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151217.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151217.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151217.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151217.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151217.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151217.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4569995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4569995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4569995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4569995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4569995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4569995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157586.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157586.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157586.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157586.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 157586.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157586.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5562                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              205253911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35279.118426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   192.050951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    63.949049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.750199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.249801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1846068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1846068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       336704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2182772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2182772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2182772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2182772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2103029621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2103029621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2585952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2585952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2105615573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2105615573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2105615573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2105615573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1865436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1865436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       336734                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336734                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2202170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2202170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2202170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2202170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108582.694186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108582.694186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86198.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86198.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108548.075729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108548.075729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108548.075729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108548.075729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          616                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             616                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    565423654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    565423654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       391695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       391695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    565815349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    565815349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    565815349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    565815349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101768.116271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101768.116271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 65282.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65282.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101728.757461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101728.757461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101728.757461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101728.757461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              508.526304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              999935656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1945400.108949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    33.526304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.053728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1239821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1239821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1239821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1239821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1239821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8191285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8191285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8191285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8191285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8191285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8191285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1239868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1239868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1239868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174282.659574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174282.659574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174282.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174282.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 174282.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174282.659574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6879996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6879996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6879996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6879996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6879996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6879996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 176410.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176410.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 176410.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176410.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 176410.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176410.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              152469366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             34715.247268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   224.198041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    31.801959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.875774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.124226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       853103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        853103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       717078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       717078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1570181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1570181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        13261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        13261                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1565984701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1565984701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8907180                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8907180                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1574891881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1574891881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1574891881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1574891881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       866258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       717184                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       717184                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1583442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1583442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1583442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1583442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000148                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000148                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119041.026302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119041.026302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        84030                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        84030                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118761.170425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118761.170425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 118761.170425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118761.170425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9125                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9125                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    413081251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    413081251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1225988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1225988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    414307239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    414307239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    414307239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    414307239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100311.134288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100311.134288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 68110.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68110.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100170.995890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100170.995890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 100170.995890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100170.995890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              548.626010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              919935788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1654560.769784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.294622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.331388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.035729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1238605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1238605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1238605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1238605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1238605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1238605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5407340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5407340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5407340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5407340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5407340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5407340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1238641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1238641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1238641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150203.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150203.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150203.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150203.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150203.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150203.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4555010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4555010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4555010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4555010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4555010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4555010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157069.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157069.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157069.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157069.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157069.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157069.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5558                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              205252221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35303.099587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   191.934072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    64.065928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.749742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.250258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1844386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1844386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       336697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2181083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2181083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2181083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2181083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        19373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        19373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2104488531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2104488531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2806395                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2806395                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2107294926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2107294926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2107294926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2107294926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1863729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1863729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       336727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2200456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2200456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2200456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2200456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108798.455824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108798.455824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93546.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93546.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108774.837454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108774.837454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 108774.837454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108774.837454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          642                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             642                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13815                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13815                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    565951470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    565951470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       415642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       415642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    566367112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    566367112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    566367112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    566367112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101936.503963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101936.503963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 69273.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69273.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101901.243613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101901.243613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101901.243613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101901.243613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              511.673622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001228765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1932874.063707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    29.673622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.047554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1220673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1220673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1220673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1220673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1220673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7459080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7459080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7459080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7459080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7459080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7459080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1220717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1220717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1220717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169524.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169524.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169524.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169524.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169524.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169524.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6040852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6040852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6040852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6040852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6040852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6040852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167801.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167801.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167801.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167801.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167801.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167801.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5660                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              158372859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             26770.260142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   225.280193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    30.719807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.880001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.119999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       859053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       726158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1667                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1667                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1585211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1585211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1585211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1585211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          452                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          452                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        19842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        19842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2435193246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2435193246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     53625451                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53625451                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2488818697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2488818697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2488818697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2488818697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       878443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       726610                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726610                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1667                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1667                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1605053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1605053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1605053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1605053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 125590.162249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125590.162249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118640.378319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118640.378319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 125431.846437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125431.846437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 125431.846437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125431.846437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1942                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1942                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    573331982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    573331982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1341708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1341708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    574673690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    574673690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    574673690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    574673690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101600.563884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101600.563884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        78924                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78924                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101532.454064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101532.454064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 101532.454064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101532.454064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              510.703802                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1001229612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1932875.698842                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.703802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.046000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1221520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1221520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1221520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1221520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1221520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7729446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7729446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7729446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7729446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7729446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7729446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1221565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1221565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1221565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171765.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171765.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171765.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171765.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171765.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171765.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6248370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6248370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6248370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6248370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6248370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6248370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173565.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173565.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173565.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173565.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173565.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173565.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5654                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              158371601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             26797.225212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   225.254115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    30.745885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.879899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.120101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       858077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       725857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       725857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1740                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1740                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1667                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1667                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1583934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1583934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1583934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1583934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        19796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19796                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        19796                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2432942021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2432942021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     54852544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     54852544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2487794565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2487794565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2487794565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2487794565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       877420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       877420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       726310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1740                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1740                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1667                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1667                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1603730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1603730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1603730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1603730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.022045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000624                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000624                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 125778.939203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125778.939203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121087.293598                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121087.293598                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 125671.578349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125671.578349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 125671.578349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125671.578349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1987                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1987                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    568878642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    568878642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1344506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1344506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    570223148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    570223148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    570223148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    570223148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100918.687600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100918.687600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 79088.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79088.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100853.050584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100853.050584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100853.050584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100853.050584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              510.555390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              999936225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1934112.620890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    35.555390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.056980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1240390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1240390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1240390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1240390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1240390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1240390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9141490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9141490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9141490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9141490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9141490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9141490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1240445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1240445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1240445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1240445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1240445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1240445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166208.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166208.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166208.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166208.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166208.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166208.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7329176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7329176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7329176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7329176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7329176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7329176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174504.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174504.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174504.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174504.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174504.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174504.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4127                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              152469243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             34786.503080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   223.100398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    32.899602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.871486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.128514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       853451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        853451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       716610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       716610                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1829                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1829                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1570061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1570061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        13307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13307                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        13307                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1560764913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1560764913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9551019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9551019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1570315932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1570315932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1570315932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1570315932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       866650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       716718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       716718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1829                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1829                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1727                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1583368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1583368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1583368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1583368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118248.724373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118248.724373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 88435.361111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88435.361111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118006.758248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118006.758248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118006.758248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118006.758248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9180                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9180                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    409925615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    409925615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1290416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1290416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    411216031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    411216031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    411216031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    411216031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99762.865661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99762.865661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 71689.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71689.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99640.424279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99640.424279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 99640.424279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99640.424279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              518.195555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1005692408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1911962.752852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.195555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.045185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1234363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1234363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1234363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1234363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1234363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1234363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7479108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7479108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7479108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7479108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7479108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7479108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1234411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1234411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1234411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1234411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1234411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1234411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155814.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155814.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155814.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155814.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155814.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155814.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5777695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5777695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5777695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5777695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5777695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5777695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160491.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160491.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160491.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160491.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160491.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160491.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 7252                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              167225787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 7508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             22273.013719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   227.583894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    28.416106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.889000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.111000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       854864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        854864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       707244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1964                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1964                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1650                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1650                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1562108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1562108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1562108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1562108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        18708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        18708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2223480154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2223480154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7354928                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7354928                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2230835082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2230835082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2230835082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2230835082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       873487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       873487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       707329                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707329                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1964                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1964                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1650                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1650                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1580816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1580816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1580816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1580816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 119394.305644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119394.305644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 86528.564706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86528.564706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 119244.979795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119244.979795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 119244.979795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119244.979795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11456                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11456                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    774581146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    774581146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1023378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1023378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    775604524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    775604524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    775604524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    775604524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 107030.695868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107030.695868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 68225.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68225.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106950.430778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106950.430778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106950.430778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106950.430778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
