
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.104611                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                104611008159                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               632386384704                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 320367                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   408909                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1932825                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67611248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 54123.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17339317852                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22131538011                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1827328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3677696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2526720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1862400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2460032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      3741312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2649088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2507264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1839616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2477184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1857536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2577152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1872128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1466240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2507776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      3715968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             39643392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           77952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12167424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          12167424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        14276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        28732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        19740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        14550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        19219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        29229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        20696                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        19588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        14372                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        19353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        14512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        20134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        14626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        11455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        19592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        29031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                309714                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           95058                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                95058                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     17467837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        50167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     35155918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        41602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     24153481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        52614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17803098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     23515996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        50167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     35764037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        44049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     25323224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        40378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     23967497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     17585300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        46496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     23679955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     17756602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        46496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     24635572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17896090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        46496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14016116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        41602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     23972391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     35521768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               378960042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        50167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        41602                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        52614                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        50167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        44049                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        40378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        46496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        47720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        46496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        46496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        41602                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             745161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         116311125                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              116311125                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         116311125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        47720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     17467837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        50167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     35155918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        41602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     24153481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        52614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17803098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        46496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     23515996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        50167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     35764037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        44049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     25323224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        40378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     23967497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        47720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     17585300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        46496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     23679955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        47720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     17756602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        46496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     24635572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        47720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17896090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        46496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14016116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        41602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     23972391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        47720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     35521768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              495271166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              250865728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20642689                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16889441                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023352                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8648432                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8136636                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2135991                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92338                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199133446                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            115377105                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20642689                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10272627                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24097263                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5498745                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      4684225                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12181739                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024912                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    231364075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      207266812     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1123970      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1784881      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        2421524      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2488218      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        2105077      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1175998      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1754977      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       11242618      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    231364075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082286                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.459916                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      197110282                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      6724364                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24054535                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        26124                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3448765                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3398337                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    141612226                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1984                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3448765                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      197646344                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1380407                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      4107923                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        23551472                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles      1229159                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    141565603                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       167978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       535873                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    197559096                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    658533910                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    658533910                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171545501                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       26013572                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35381                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18516                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         3676498                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13265417                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7184024                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84618                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1725332                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        141408823                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       134422203                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18362                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15432358                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36756944                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1497                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231364075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174441343     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23439593     10.13%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11867822      5.13%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8919934      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7014722      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2835443      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1789430      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931823      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123965      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231364075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25182     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81830     36.65%     47.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116282     52.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113059472     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001322      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16862      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12183270      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7161277      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    134422203                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.535833                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223294                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500450136                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156877240                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132397882                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    134645497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273123                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2121137                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          133                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          559                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94422                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3448765                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1101781                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119972                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141444465                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14743                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13265417                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7184024                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18519                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101400                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          559                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181257                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1130993                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2312250                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132556993                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11463129                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1865209                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           18624114                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18843270                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7160985                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528398                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            132398102                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           132397882                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        75996922                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204774968                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527764                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123048942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18395560                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34007                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2048853                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227915310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177426737     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25031483     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9450528      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4500496      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3809499      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2178403      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1899657      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       861094      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2757413      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227915310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123048942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18233882                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11144280                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17743910                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110865555                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2533833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2757413                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          366601710                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         286337835                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3019228                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              19501653                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123048942                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.508657                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.508657                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.398620                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.398620                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      596626006                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184433449                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     131266578                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33976                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              250865728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20335330                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16630483                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1981068                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8400478                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8017586                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2092014                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88250                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197250938                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            115425149                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20335330                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10109600                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24185539                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5760477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3492288                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12127620                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1996692                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    228664848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      204479309     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1312186      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2069674      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3299458      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1364771      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1521773      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1631804      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1061993      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11923880      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    228664848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081061                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460107                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      195436331                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5321139                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24110254                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        61528                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3735592                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3334720                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          469                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    140949384                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2874                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3735592                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      195736104                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1695026                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2760074                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23877309                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       860739                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    140869757                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        24153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       241974                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       325682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39520                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    195574393                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    655336436                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    655336436                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    166956640                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       28617738                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        35815                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19671                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2592210                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13414794                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7213527                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       217717                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1644365                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        140674255                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35913                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       133118595                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       164180                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17870663                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39830612                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3353                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228664848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172551982     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22512771      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12308650      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8400599      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7861523      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2256990      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1762888      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597203      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       412242      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228664848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31017     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        96002     38.69%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121086     48.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111515698     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2106640      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16142      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12300919      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7179196      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    133118595                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530637                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            248105                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495314323                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158582264                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130985237                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    133366700                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       402003                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2395519                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          324                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1461                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       208634                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8314                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3735592                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1135818                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118408                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140710311                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52105                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13414794                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7213527                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19650                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86776                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1461                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1157033                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131652                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2288685                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131230953                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11569470                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1887642                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 143                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18746912                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18460797                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7177442                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.523112                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            130986225                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           130985237                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        76582360                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       200115958                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.522133                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382690                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98069236                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    120207794                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20502686                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32560                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2022969                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224929256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176136069     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23629933     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9196677      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4957482      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3710735      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2072188      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1278865      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1143465      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2803842      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224929256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     98069236                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    120207794                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18024168                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11019275                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17255331                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       108316127                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2441940                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2803842                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          362835231                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         285156758                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3180536                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              22200880                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          98069236                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           120207794                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     98069236                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.558047                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.558047                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390923                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390923                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      591784046                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     181566732                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     131461754                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        32530                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              250865728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19034503                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16991572                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1518350                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12747415                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12412261                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1145453                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46286                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201124035                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            108080474                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19034503                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     13557714                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24103657                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       4969756                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      3054242                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles           39                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          108                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12167363                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1490576                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    231724937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      207621280     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3670770      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1858525      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3631176      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1171111      0.51%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3361531      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         532013      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         855848      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        9022683      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    231724937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075875                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430830                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      198673516                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      5550896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24056153                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19381                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3424990                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1802629                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        17866                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    120947128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        33744                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3424990                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      198947176                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       3345310                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1368570                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23803543                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       835341                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    120773300                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        93502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       669725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    158343054                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    547424727                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    547424727                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    128503116                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       29839931                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        16280                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8246                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1810277                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     21741448                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3546642                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23081                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       804255                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        120150321                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16339                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       112541143                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72880                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21595662                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44225517                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          131                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231724937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182340292     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15625245      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16469114      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9577716      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4942292      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1237351      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1470333      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34151      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28443      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231724937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189049     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77080     23.37%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63707     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88281696     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885151      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8036      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19849504     17.64%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3516756      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    112541143                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.448611                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            329836                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457209939                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141762610                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109692423                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    112870979                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89000                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4415848                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          102                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          293                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80556                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3424990                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2260856                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103118                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120166781                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15483                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21741448                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3546642                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8242                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40596                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2263                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          293                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1025481                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583937                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1609418                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111112574                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19564069                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1428569                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 121                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           23080652                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       16888978                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3516583                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.442917                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            109716785                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           109692423                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        66372188                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       144701320                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.437256                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.458684                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87386454                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     98418007                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21753646                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16208                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1508807                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228299947                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191638235     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14418138      6.32%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9249363      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2912097      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4829312      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       943252      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       598711      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       547634      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3163205      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228299947                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     87386454                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     98418007                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             20791683                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            17325597                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8086                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15096925                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        86019332                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1233792                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3163205                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          345308070                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         243770965                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4464738                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              19140791                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          87386454                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            98418007                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     87386454                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.870762                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.870762                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.348340                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.348340                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      516418865                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     142971154                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     128389957                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        16194                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              250865728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20640114                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16887890                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023410                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8673132                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8135684                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2135467                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92146                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199074596                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            115358287                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20640114                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10271151                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24094814                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5498749                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4699341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12178952                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024778                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    231317848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612536                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      207223034     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1124862      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1785936      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2422055      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2488378      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2104870      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1173396      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1753263      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11242054      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    231317848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082276                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.459841                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      197053424                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      6737585                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24051760                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        26351                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3448723                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3397317                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    141583608                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1968                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3448723                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      197590172                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1388445                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      4114464                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23548395                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1227644                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    141534856                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       168535                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       534883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    197521630                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    658386612                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    658386612                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    171507367                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       26014263                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        35566                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18706                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3674473                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13261227                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7182683                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84443                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1691308                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        141374872                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35689                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       134389112                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15425651                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36748316                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1689                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231317848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174438865     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23392791     10.11%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11858299      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8933949      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7016152      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2832641      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1790329      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       930487      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124335      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231317848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25183     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81812     36.64%     47.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116268     52.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113032483     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2000926      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16858      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12179313      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7159532      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    134389112                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.535701                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223263                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500337657                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156836763                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132363205                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    134612375                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273446                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2119444                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          141                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          554                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94671                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3448723                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1108797                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120388                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141410705                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        25806                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13261227                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7182683                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18706                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101637                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          554                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180935                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131707                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2312642                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132522951                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11459981                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1866161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18619235                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18839437                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7159254                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.528262                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            132363440                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           132363205                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        75982063                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       204718667                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527626                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371154                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99977727                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    123021516                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18389214                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34000                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2048909                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227869125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177416606     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24999968     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9451429      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4501372      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3793064      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2177502      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1908780      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       861104      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2759300      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227869125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     99977727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    123021516                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18229795                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11141783                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             16962                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17739953                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       110840839                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2533266                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2759300                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          366519866                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         286270240                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3018902                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              19547880                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          99977727                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           123021516                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     99977727                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.509216                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.509216                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398531                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398531                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      596466460                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     184393791                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     131242833                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        33970                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              250865728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20410626                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16737496                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2001546                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8357170                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7962682                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2092598                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89254                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194725069                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            116053951                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20410626                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10055280                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25524359                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5698601                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      6287212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12000312                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1986312                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    230202716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968241                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      204678357     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2767491      1.20%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3203259      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1757256      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2020175      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1110860      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         753473      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1978915      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11932930      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    230202716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081361                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.462614                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      193139314                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      7903468                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25309345                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       203176                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3647412                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3313863                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        18666                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    141687534                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        92651                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3647412                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      193450846                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2851877                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4181666                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        25213626                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       857280                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    141599740                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       218404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       400201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    196782558                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    659340876                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    659340876                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    167850882                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       28931646                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        36910                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20523                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2295110                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13525209                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7364024                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       193795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1636655                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        141383356                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36974                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       133538122                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187865                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17801993                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41253217                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4007                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230202716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173953163     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22610455      9.82%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12155090      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8422661      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7361075      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3762549      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       912168      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584989      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440566      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230202716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34943     12.01%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       126864     43.59%     55.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129208     44.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111773826     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2088982      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16347      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12348140      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7310827      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    133538122                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.532309                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291015                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497757838                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159223603                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131308608                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    133829137                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       336598                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2403020                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          850                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1283                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       167665                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8172                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3647412                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2358788                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145816                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141420449                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56942                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13525209                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7364024                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20509                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103066                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1283                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1157273                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1127682                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2284955                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131559020                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11593026                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1979100                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18902099                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       18403986                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7309073                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.524420                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            131310577                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           131308608                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        78046357                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       204478862                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.523422                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381684                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98567288                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    120930201                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20491511                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32967                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2013039                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226555304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177160706     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22906903     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9598168      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5764042      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3993856      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2577605      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1341581      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1077643      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2134800      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226555304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     98567288                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    120930201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18318548                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11122189                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             16448                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17307233                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       109023421                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2460343                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2134800                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          365841553                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         286490928                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2986458                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              20663012                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          98567288                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           120930201                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     98567288                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.545122                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.545122                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.392909                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.392909                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      593436608                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     182241265                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     132210497                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        32936                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              250865728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20312166                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16614212                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1983533                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8481189                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8020927                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2091168                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88295                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197223680                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            115243911                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20312166                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10112095                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24161132                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5753639                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      3480526                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12125738                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1998810                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    228592081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967279                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      204430949     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1312313      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2075176      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3300157      1.44%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1360492      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1525924      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1624219      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1058345      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11904506      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    228592081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.080968                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.459385                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      195403204                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5315324                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24085814                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        61478                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3726257                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3327953                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          465                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    140738057                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         3024                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3726257                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      195705927                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1700686                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      2742413                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23850193                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       866601                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    140658264                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents        26721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       241585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       326760                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42715                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    195304404                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    654331764                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    654331764                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    166851946                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       28452446                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        35742                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19605                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2602727                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13407251                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7202720                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       216476                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1636616                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        140460637                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35837                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       132996769                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       162954                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17733183                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39362066                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3297                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228592081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172513290     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22505659      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12318480      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8383707      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7844321      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2253733      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1764301      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597446      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411144      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228592081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30984     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        96027     38.75%     51.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       120786     48.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111416520     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2101146      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16132      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12294726      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7168245      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    132996769                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.530151                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247797                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    494996370                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158231098                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130853885                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    133244566                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       402547                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2394860                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          377                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1474                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       202199                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8297                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3726257                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1135071                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140496615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57438                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13407251                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7202720                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19583                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        87646                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1474                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1162256                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1128870                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2291126                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131098882                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11562939                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1897887                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18729470                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18447087                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7166531                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.522586                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            130854947                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           130853885                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        76512203                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       199891585                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.521609                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382769                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98007796                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    120132502                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20364316                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32540                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2025477                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224865824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176094463     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23620950     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9197923      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4949153      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3710984      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2071666      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1278925      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1141649      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2800111      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224865824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     98007796                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    120132502                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18012910                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11012389                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16234                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17244526                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       108248282                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2440410                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2800111                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          362561868                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         284720099                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3181790                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              22273647                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          98007796                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           120132502                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     98007796                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.559651                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.559651                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.390678                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.390678                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      591214074                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     181398469                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     131265404                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        32510                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              250865728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       20383837                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16717118                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1998886                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8335372                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7949404                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2087539                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89134                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194439977                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            115895822                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          20383837                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10036943                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            25490222                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5695254                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      6453977                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11982708                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1983562                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    230049662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616047                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      204559440     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        2763292      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        3207162      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        1752842      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2012303      0.87%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1109766      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         749047      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1973655      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11922155      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    230049662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081254                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461983                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      192852688                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      8071792                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        25274758                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles       203601                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3646822                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3308120                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        18666                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    141493025                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        92379                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3646822                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      193165796                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2899179                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      4297962                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        25177731                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       862163                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    141405049                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          222                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       220853                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       401337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           31                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    196522958                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    658419077                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    658419077                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    167575195                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       28947758                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        36758                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20418                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2302189                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     13505561                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7351853                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       193262                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1629565                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        141186876                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36828                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       133330356                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187052                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17814890                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41285259                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3913                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230049662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173883961     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22579509      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12136568      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8410673      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7347807      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3755144      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       913022      0.40%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       583212      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       439766      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230049662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35202     12.07%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       127056     43.57%     55.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129360     44.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111604206     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2086219      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16320      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12324759      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7298852      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    133330356                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.531481                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            291618                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002187                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497189044                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159039863                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131102576                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    133621974                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       335020                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2401619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          821                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1272                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       167297                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8160                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3646822                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2406586                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       146615                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141223821                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57258                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13505561                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7351853                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20386                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102890                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1272                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1155715                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1128028                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2283743                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131349763                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11570448                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1980593                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18867662                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18376181                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7297214                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523586                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            131104565                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           131102576                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        77926984                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       204169780                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522601                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381677                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98405586                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    120731685                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20493293                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32915                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2010295                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226402840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177086606     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22872893     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9584481      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5750495      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3989378      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2570826      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1341470      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1075645      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2131046      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226402840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     98405586                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    120731685                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             18288496                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11103940                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             16422                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17278798                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       108844450                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2456292                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2131046                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          365496109                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         286096859                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2982253                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              20816066                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          98405586                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           120731685                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     98405586                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.549304                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.549304                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.392264                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.392264                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      592479984                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     181963983                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     132025299                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        32884                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              250865725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19037697                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16994278                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1516831                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12741054                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12414175                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1146661                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46123                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201154252                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            108098746                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19037697                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     13560836                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24107830                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       4965123                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      3044272                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12167517                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1489005                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    231746114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      207638284     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        3671545      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1857812      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3631647      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1171205      0.51%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3363039      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         531777      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         856194      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        9024611      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    231746114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.075888                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.430903                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      198688228                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      5556115                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24060394                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        19498                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3421878                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1802558                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        17883                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    120973316                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        33785                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3421878                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      198963305                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       3338784                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1375346                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23807632                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       839162                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    120801090                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        93826                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       673410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    158372286                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    547555816                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    547555816                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    128564519                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       29807754                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        16288                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8250                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1813164                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     21749017                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      3549149                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23500                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       807511                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        120178571                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16348                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       112579867                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72925                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21575412                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44176974                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231746114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182346869     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15626929      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16474237      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9583441      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4943785      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1237200      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1470890      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34443      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28320      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231746114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189268     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77202     23.38%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63709     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88311365     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885586      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8040      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19855882     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3518994      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    112579867                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.448765                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330179                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457308952                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141770620                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109731770                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    112910046                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90405                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4416072                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          295                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81184                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3421878                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2247807                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103104                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120195001                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21749017                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3549149                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8247                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40111                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2222                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          295                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1024134                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583576                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1607710                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111152153                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19571306                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1427714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           23090096                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16894960                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          3518790                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.443074                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            109756570                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           109731770                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        66398833                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       144763310                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.437412                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.458672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87426866                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     98464470                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21735343                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1507260                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228324236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191646603     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14421784      6.32%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9255465      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2913770      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4831601      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       943310      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599075      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       547982      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3164646      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228324236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     87426866                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     98464470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             20800908                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            17332943                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              8090                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15103988                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        86060210                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1234468                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3164646                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          345359078                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         243824182                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4463196                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              19119611                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          87426866                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            98464470                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     87426866                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.869435                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.869435                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.348501                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.348501                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      516605549                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     143021166                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     128416703                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        16202                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              250865728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20647925                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16893962                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023290                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8668835                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8138161                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136358                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92469                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199105844                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            115398152                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20647925                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10274519                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24105080                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5498118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      4701188                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12180838                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024695                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    231360686                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      207255606     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1127660      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1788304      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2422507      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2488199      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2105727      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1173508      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1750845      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11248330      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    231360686                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082307                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460000                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      197084294                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      6739892                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24061864                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        26430                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3448201                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3398925                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    141629114                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1964                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3448201                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      197622992                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1392989                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      4112094                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23556598                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1227807                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    141578426                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       168251                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       535072                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    197581012                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    658595300                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    658595300                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    171559848                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       26021142                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        35521                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18655                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         3675025                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13265445                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7185404                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84578                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1732482                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        141413222                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35646                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       134427088                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18409                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15427789                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36756333                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1633                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231360686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174431278     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23441138     10.13%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11873391      5.13%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8924748      3.86%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7010811      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2834083      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1789599      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931433      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124205      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231360686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25162     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81834     36.63%     47.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116387     52.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113063053     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001344      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16863      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12183615      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7162213      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    134427088                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.535853                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223383                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500456654                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156877206                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132399983                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    134650471                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272906                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2120270                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          552                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95226                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3448201                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1113391                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120455                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141449017                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        40689                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13265445                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7185404                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18658                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101773                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          552                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1179974                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132964                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2312938                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132560599                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11464253                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1866489                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 149                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18626184                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18846640                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7161931                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.528413                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            132400210                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           132399983                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        76004233                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       204775861                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527772                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371158                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100008341                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    123059122                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18389927                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34013                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2048799                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227912485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177416660     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25035121     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9451405      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4502752      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3810559      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2179459      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1898607      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       861614      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2756308      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227912485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    100008341                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    123059122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18235353                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11145175                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             16968                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17745353                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       110874728                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2534033                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2756308                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          366604537                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         286346365                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3018614                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              19505042                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         100008341                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           123059122                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    100008341                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.508448                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.508448                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.398653                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.398653                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      596634644                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     184443508                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     131287996                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        33984                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              250865728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20400363                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16728010                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2000089                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8385907                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7965614                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2093758                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89900                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194715184                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            116000532                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20400363                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10059372                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25512467                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5686527                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      6400143                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11998139                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1984972                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    230283110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615925                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      204770643     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        2766558      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        3200352      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        1757049      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2020528      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1112499      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         755672      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1978470      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11921339      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    230283110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081320                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.462401                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      193137726                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      8007400                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25300425                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles       200908                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3636650                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3312873                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        18668                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    141610369                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        92506                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3636650                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      193446457                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2833089                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      4312247                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        25205310                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       849348                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    141522410                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       216691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       396000                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    196688606                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    658975491                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    658975491                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    167861553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       28827027                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        37187                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20834                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2271011                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13505635                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7359483                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       193522                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1636216                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        141315432                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37281                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       133513857                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187511                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17732558                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41015244                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4310                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230283110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174040702     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22612511      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12153404      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8416814      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7359378      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3762462      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       911453      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       585532      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440854      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230283110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35257     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       125004     43.11%     55.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129680     44.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111758301     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2089081      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16348      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12340268      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7309859      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    133513857                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.532212                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            289941                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002172                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497788272                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159086550                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131291278                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    133803798                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       336269                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2382738                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          687                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       162652                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8173                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3636650                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2351013                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       144668                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141352835                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55817                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13505635                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7359483                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20814                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102433                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1158297                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1125071                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2283368                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131539305                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11586076                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1974548                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18894323                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18400820                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7308247                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.524341                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            131293490                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           131291278                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        78032719                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       204430304                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.523353                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381708                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98573633                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    120937878                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20416234                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32971                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2011719                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226646460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177249096     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22906165     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9599431      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5767271      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3992748      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2579127      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1339449      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1077667      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2135506      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226646460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     98573633                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    120937878                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18319728                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11122897                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16450                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17308278                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       109030383                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2460495                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2135506                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          365864403                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         286344967                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2984882                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              20582618                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          98573633                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           120937878                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     98573633                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.544958                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.544958                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.392934                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.392934                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      593356559                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     182220399                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     132151790                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        32940                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              250865728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       20641060                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16888746                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023847                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8687536                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8138168                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2135974                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92344                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199080128                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            115361317                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          20641060                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10274142                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24098973                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5499314                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      4713562                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12179724                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2025262                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    231341882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      207242909     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1127458      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1788218      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2421364      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2488497      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2102561      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1176089      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1751663      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11243123      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    231341882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082279                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.459853                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      197060403                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      6750458                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24055850                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        26320                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3448846                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3397587                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    141590121                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1972                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3448846                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      197599504                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1397342                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      4118155                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        23550265                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1227765                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    141540965                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       167713                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       535308                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    197520217                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    658436594                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    658436594                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    171498325                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       26021892                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        35410                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18550                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3672686                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     13265736                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7182195                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84087                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1719165                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        141374333                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35531                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       134382166                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18375                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15441568                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36799750                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1532                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231341882                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174438831     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23427949     10.13%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11863482      5.13%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8920909      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7011254      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2835679      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1788535      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       932039      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123204      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231341882                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25294     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81767     36.61%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116296     52.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113024220     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2000529      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16857      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12181499      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7159061      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    134382166                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.535674                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223357                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500347946                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156851989                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132355087                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    134605523                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       271931                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2124562                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          142                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          561                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94573                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3448846                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1118199                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120514                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141410009                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        41008                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13265736                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7182195                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18553                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101740                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          561                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180629                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132151                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2312780                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132515288                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11459650                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1866878                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 145                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           18618435                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       18837687                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7158785                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.528232                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            132355341                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           132355087                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        75978231                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       204721820                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.527593                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99972462                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    123014964                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18395082                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33999                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2049347                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227893036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177422729     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25020205     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9447663      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4498945      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3807324      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2177933      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1900522      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       861215      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2756500      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227893036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     99972462                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    123014964                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             18228796                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11141174                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             16962                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17738994                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       110834935                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2533123                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2756500                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          366545893                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         286268995                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3018560                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              19523846                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          99972462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           123014964                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     99972462                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.509348                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.509348                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398510                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398510                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      596438136                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     184379484                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     131244781                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        33968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              250865728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       20385565                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16713772                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1996228                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8375708                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7957371                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2091696                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89216                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194584251                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            115912551                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          20385565                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     10049067                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            25489964                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5675193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      6458788                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11987164                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1981340                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    230180906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615708                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      204690942     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        2765738      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        3195381      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        1754853      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2016686      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1111732      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         755111      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1976703      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11913760      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    230180906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081261                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.462050                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      192997774                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      8074892                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        25276975                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles       201974                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3629290                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3312428                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        18615                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    141497222                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        92510                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3629290                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      193307884                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2806585                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      4401252                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        25181552                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       854334                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    141410509                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       216969                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       399627                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    196533634                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    658453622                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    658453622                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    167787122                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       28746512                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        37082                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20717                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2283679                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     13493291                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7359992                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       192951                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1635484                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        141200924                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37153                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       133423816                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       185345                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17671084                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40888112                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4197                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230180906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173969177     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22602023      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12146677      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8418146      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7351195      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3757534      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       911946      0.40%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       583789      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440419      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230180906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35151     12.18%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124122     43.00%     55.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129377     44.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111675100     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2087501      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16340      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12338086      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7306789      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    133423816                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.531854                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            288650                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002163                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497502533                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158910433                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131207482                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    133712466                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       336444                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2375357                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          810                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1275                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       166407                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8171                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3629290                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2319753                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       144836                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141238194                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56311                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13493291                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7359992                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20695                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102173                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1275                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1155848                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1121975                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2277823                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131456504                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11587576                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1967312                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           18892525                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18393106                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7304949                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.524011                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            131209519                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           131207482                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        77977045                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       204248237                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.523019                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381776                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98529822                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    120884178                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20355199                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32956                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2007867                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226551616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177174457     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22895609     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9596289      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5766543      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3989766      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2580108      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1338169      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1077656      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2133019      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226551616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     98529822                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    120884178                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             18311519                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            11117934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             16442                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17300615                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       108981927                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2459395                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2133019                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          365657311                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         286108116                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2980247                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              20684822                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          98529822                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           120884178                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     98529822                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.546089                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.546089                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.392759                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.392759                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      592997088                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     182098827                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     132061939                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        32926                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              250865728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20633941                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16880567                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023335                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8644644                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8133020                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136086                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92431                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199067710                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            115325976                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20633941                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10269106                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24086321                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5496426                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      4708274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12178364                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024714                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    231309152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.953939                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      207222831     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1122923      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1783484      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2421112      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2486851      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        2106269      0.91%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1175309      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1755523      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11234850      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    231309152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082251                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.459712                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      197045800                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      6747347                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24043322                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        26205                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3446473                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3398485                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    141543910                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1995                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3446473                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      197580626                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1399235                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      4114351                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23541606                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1226856                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    141497585                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       167946                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       534788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    197463565                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    658215395                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    658215395                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    171481790                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       25981775                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        35448                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18588                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         3670130                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13256037                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7182020                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84810                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1787552                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        141341950                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35569                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       134368537                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18385                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15403347                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36693515                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1574                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231309152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174360615     75.38%     75.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23485834     10.15%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11882025      5.14%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8903613      3.85%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7000411      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2832414      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1789610      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       930600      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124030      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231309152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25252     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81777     36.62%     47.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116269     52.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113014616     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2000784      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16855      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12177664      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7158618      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    134368537                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.535619                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223298                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500287909                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156781413                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132344371                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    134591835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272392                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2115922                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          133                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          550                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95071                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3446473                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1119721                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120270                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141377663                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14004                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13256037                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7182020                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18592                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101593                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          550                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181158                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131441                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2312599                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132503368                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11458324                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1865169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18616670                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18838235                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7158346                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.528184                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            132344603                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           132344371                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        75966600                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       204675800                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.527551                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371156                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99962840                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    123003171                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18374534                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33995                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2048834                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227862679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177351689     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25062124     11.00%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9441987      4.14%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4501513      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3830994      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2179601      0.96%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1882964      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       861687      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2750120      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227862679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     99962840                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    123003171                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18227064                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11140115                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16960                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17737293                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       110824325                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2532891                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2750120                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          366489575                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         286201936                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3018966                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              19556576                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          99962840                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           123003171                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     99962840                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.509590                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.509590                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.398471                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.398471                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      596378976                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     184357636                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     131209104                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        33964                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              250865728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       22691435                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18895759                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2066216                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8949535                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8319326                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2445101                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96452                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197673759                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            124498915                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          22691435                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10764427                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            25961308                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5734235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      6749842                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12273062                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1974822                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    234034264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028118                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      208072956     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1592584      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2020030      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3203094      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1334093      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1721551      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        2009791      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         915924      0.39%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       13164241      5.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    234034264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090453                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.496277                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      196515438                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      8019696                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        25838062                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        12148                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3648913                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3450259                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          442                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    152148081                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2444                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3648913                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      196713820                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        635828                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      6833168                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        25652000                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       550529                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    151208177                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        79811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       384145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    211249140                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    703229741                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    703229741                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    176954383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       34294757                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        37327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19777                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1939218                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     14136817                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7399730                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82779                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1673461                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        147656081                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37455                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       141736847                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       138829                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17797053                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36074838                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2059                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234034264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326524                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173960971     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27416075     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11199990      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6267256      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8505513      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2611246      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2579901      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1385160      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108152      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234034264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        977956     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129967     10.53%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126371     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119415578     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1938259      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17549      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12988788      9.16%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7376673      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    141736847                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.564991                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1234294                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008708                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    518881081                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165491267                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138053233                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    142971141                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104834                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2635476                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          680                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        91147                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           51                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3648913                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        485028                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61289                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147693541                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114880                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14136817                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7399730                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19778                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53611                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          680                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1229346                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150995                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2380341                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139269113                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12777207                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2467734                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           20153408                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19698104                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7376201                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.555154                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            138053543                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           138053233                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        82719755                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       222203827                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.550307                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372270                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102948616                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    126857061                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20837081                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35396                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2083927                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230385351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176689999     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27212352     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9880734      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4924609      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4500548      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1893217      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1869057      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       891885      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2522950      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230385351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    102948616                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    126857061                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18809924                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11501341                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             17658                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18387850                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       114212541                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2619636                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2522950                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          375555828                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         299037214                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2997540                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              16831464                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         102948616                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           126857061                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    102948616                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.436805                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.436805                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.410373                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.410373                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      626688154                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     192932050                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     140747769                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        35366                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              250865728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19038622                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16994234                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1517829                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12745137                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12414276                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1146465                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46153                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201142678                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            108092583                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19038622                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     13560741                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24107071                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       4966786                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3043734                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles           16                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           47                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12167948                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1490065                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    231733952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      207626881     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3670776      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1859914      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3632145      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1170231      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3362151      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         531767      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         856057      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        9024030      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    231733952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075892                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.430878                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      198680095                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5552254                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24059593                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19485                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3422524                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1803636                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        17884                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    120963795                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        33818                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3422524                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      198954773                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       3339720                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1370926                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23806925                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       839077                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    120792495                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        94446                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       672630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    158369419                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    547514006                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    547514006                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    128549836                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       29819563                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        16279                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8241                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1814407                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     21744629                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3548325                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23227                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       805693                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        120169033                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       112573010                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73174                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21578698                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44168068                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231733952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182338352     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15627834      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16471847      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9579584      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4944736      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1237011      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1471855      0.64%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34263      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28470      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231733952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189526     57.36%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77109     23.34%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63800     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88308044     78.45%     78.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885498      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8040      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19852805     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3518623      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    112573010                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.448738                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330435                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002935                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457283581                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141764360                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109722114                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    112903445                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89394                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4415383                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          109                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          296                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80370                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3422524                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2250120                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103233                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120185465                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15617                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21744629                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3548325                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8239                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40254                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2272                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          296                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1025102                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583843                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1608945                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111142967                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19567244                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1430043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           23085677                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16894596                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3518433                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.443038                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            109746838                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           109722114                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        66391964                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       144752233                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.437374                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458659                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87414427                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     98452031                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21738276                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1508273                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228311428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191636731     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14423764      6.32%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9252751      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2912916      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4830321      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       943487      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599058      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548250      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3164150      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228311428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     87414427                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     98452031                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             20797196                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            17329241                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              8090                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15101917                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        86049832                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1234463                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3164150                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          345337260                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         243805837                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4464109                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19131776                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          87414427                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            98452031                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     87414427                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.869844                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.869844                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.348451                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.348451                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      516552500                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     143011844                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     128405711                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        16202                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              250865728                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20338819                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16634768                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1980001                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8407881                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8021293                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2091468                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88039                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197241439                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            115433398                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20338819                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10112761                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24188662                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5760701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      3479546                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12126463                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1995886                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    228646930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      204458268     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1313939      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2070038      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3299347      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1365645      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1522198      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1631610      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1060867      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11925018      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    228646930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081075                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460140                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      195428937                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      5306558                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        24112981                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        61649                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3736801                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3333875                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          461                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    140954525                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2999                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3736801                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      195728961                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1693289                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2747657                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23880146                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       860072                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    140874028                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        24732                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       241638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       324740                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        40650                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    195579010                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    655355559                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    655355559                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    166959697                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       28619313                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        35782                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19638                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2586446                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13416773                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7213957                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       217618                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1641614                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        140676150                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35884                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       133117960                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163529                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17877639                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39841651                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3323                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228646930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.274049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172529663     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22517333      9.85%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12311687      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8397740      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7861023      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2258036      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1762197      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597429      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411822      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228646930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30906     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95450     38.56%     51.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121184     48.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111513091     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2106917      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16142      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12302180      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7179630      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    133117960                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530634                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247540                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495293919                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158591113                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130984363                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    133365500                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       401547                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2397312                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          337                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1469                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       208950                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8297                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3736801                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1134629                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117775                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140712170                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56826                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13416773                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7213957                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19619                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86037                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           40                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1469                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1157800                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1130865                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2288665                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131230761                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11570050                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1887199                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           18747986                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18460927                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7177936                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.523112                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            130985424                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           130984363                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        76583498                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       200116293                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.522129                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382695                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98070995                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    120209954                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20502382                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32561                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2021995                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224910129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176111450     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23633316     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9199383      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4957304      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3712617      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2071853      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1277630      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1142161      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2804415      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224910129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     98070995                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    120209954                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18024468                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11019461                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17255649                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       108318054                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2441978                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2804415                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          362817387                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         285161673                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3180109                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              22218798                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          98070995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           120209954                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     98070995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.558001                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.558001                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390930                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390930                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      591786611                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     181567747                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     131470385                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        32532                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         309912                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.216539                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1682610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         342677                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           4.910192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           239.886335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.599180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1327.005582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     4.103102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  2194.216927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.084598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1747.877837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.729065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1347.687824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.212040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1821.168756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.643231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  2197.035639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.747667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1848.858507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.907642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1743.006580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.264113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1365.929432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.173624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1857.241327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.097337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1353.347679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.983689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1844.839565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.197799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1356.478962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.090852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1069.422054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.919326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1736.529070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.377068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  2209.455077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           319.261857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           422.962279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           354.191495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           288.867248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           408.174518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           384.526757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           317.534951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           358.648080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           280.622189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           392.732448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           279.897646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           339.082969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           278.613727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           269.378592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           365.773581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           388.830717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.040497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.066962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.053341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.041128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.055578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.067048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.056423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.053192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.041685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.056679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.041301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.056300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.041396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.032636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.052995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.067427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.009743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.012908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.010809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.008816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.012456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.011735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.009690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.010945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.008564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.011985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.008542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.010348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.008503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.008221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.011163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.011866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        26170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        36046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        42167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        26351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        26201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        26082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        24606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        42361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  528741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           173018                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                173018                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        26316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        36198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        42301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        26502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        26351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        26228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        24817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        42495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   530915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26598                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42697                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        34637                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        26316                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        36198                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        42301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        34762                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34765                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        26502                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        26351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35218                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        26228                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        24817                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34758                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        42495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  530915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                309686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 309714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14276                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28732                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19740                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14550                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19219                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29229                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20696                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19588                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14372                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14512                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14626                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11455                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29031                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                309714                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6288397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2328931442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6188035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4719419635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5004099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3207359307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7109234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2375557703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6155951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3158445718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6170639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4796662509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5646350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3400657760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4905090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3184830528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6314912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2343690497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5830218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3183767953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6048862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2365310293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5958961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3311678208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5983139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2385296782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5689353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1878561120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5171501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3183523477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5890997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4758030754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50676079424                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       693489                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1550740                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       708326                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       776607                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       674445                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       4403607                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6288397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2328931442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6188035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4720113124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5004099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3207359307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7109234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2375557703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6155951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3159996458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6170639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4796662509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5646350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3401366086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4905090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3184830528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6314912                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2343690497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5830218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3184544560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6048862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2365310293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5958961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3312352653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5983139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2385296782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5689353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1878561120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5171501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3183523477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5890997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4758030754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      50680483031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6288397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2328931442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6188035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4720113124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5004099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3207359307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7109234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2375557703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6155951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3159996458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6170639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4796662509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5646350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3401366086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4905090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3184830528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6314912                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2343690497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5830218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3184544560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6048862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2365310293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5958961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3312352653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5983139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2385296782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5689353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1878561120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5171501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3183523477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5890997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4758030754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     50680483031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        71296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        54307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        40720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        71396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        54280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        40723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        54280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              838427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       173018                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            173018                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          133                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2202                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        71429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        54377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        40866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        71530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        54353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        40874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        54350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               840629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        71429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        54377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        40866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        71530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        54353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        40874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        54350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              840629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.350546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.402940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.363489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.357318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.409393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.374159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.360870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.356446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.364707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.359291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.317656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.360943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.406642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.369365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.030075                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.061728                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.031646                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.031646                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.025478                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.012716                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.402246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.363021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.356042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.408626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.360385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.355138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.363745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.315808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.360478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.368431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.402246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.363021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.934783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.356042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.408626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.360385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.355138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.363745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.315808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.360478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.368431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161240.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163136.133511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150927.682927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164279.435916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147179.382353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162480.208055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165331.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163268.570653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161998.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164425.306783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150503.390244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164106.281741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156843.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164354.442028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148639.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162590.898918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161920.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163073.371625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153426.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164552.819568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155099.025641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162989.959551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156814.763158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164514.565723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153413.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163086.064679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149719.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163994.859887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152102.970588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162490.990047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151051.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163894.828080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163636.972366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 173372.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       155074                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 141665.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 155321.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 168611.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157271.678571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161240.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163136.133511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150927.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164280.701796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147179.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162480.208055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165331.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163268.570653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161998.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164420.441126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150503.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164106.281741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156843.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164348.960475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148639.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162590.898918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161920.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163073.371625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153426.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164550.434558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155099.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162989.959551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156814.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164515.379607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153413.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163086.064679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149719.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163994.859887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152102.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162490.990047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151051.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163894.828080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163636.396905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161240.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163136.133511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150927.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164280.701796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 147179.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162480.208055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165331.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163268.570653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161998.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164420.441126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150503.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164106.281741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156843.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 164348.960475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148639.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162590.898918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161920.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163073.371625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153426.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164550.434558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155099.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162989.959551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 156814.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164515.379607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 153413.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163086.064679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149719.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 163994.859887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 152102.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162490.990047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151051.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163894.828080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163636.396905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                95058                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     95058                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           309686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            309714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        28732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        29229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        20134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           309714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4024111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1497596279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3801091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3046589432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3021576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2057465111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4610581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1528262678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3947398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2039775286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3782906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3094591746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3550850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2195542319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2982937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2043780661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4053121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1506693074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3621499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2056924902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3783583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1520243116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3753215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2139336967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3712747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1533521316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3480521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1211532846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3195315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2042230126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3623403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3067463171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32640493884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       460193                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       967276                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       417822                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       484430                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       441312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2771033                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4024111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1497596279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3801091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3047049625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3021576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2057465111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4610581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1528262678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3947398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2040742562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3782906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3094591746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3550850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2195960141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2982937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2043780661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4053121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1506693074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3621499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2057409332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3783583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1520243116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3753215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2139778279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3712747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1533521316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3480521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1211532846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3195315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2042230126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3623403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3067463171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32643264917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4024111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1497596279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3801091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3047049625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3021576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2057465111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4610581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1528262678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3947398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2040742562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3782906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3094591746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3550850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2195960141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2982937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2043780661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4053121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1506693074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3621499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2057409332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3783583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1520243116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3753215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2139778279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3712747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1533521316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3480521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1211532846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3195315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2042230126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3623403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3067463171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32643264917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.350546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.402940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.363489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.357318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.409393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.374159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.360870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.356446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.364707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.359291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.317656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.360943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.406642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.369365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.030075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.061728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.031646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.031646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.025478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.402246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.363021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.356042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.408626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.360385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.355138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.363745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.315808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.360478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.368431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.349268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.402246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.363021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.934783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.356042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.408626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.373183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.360385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.351617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.355138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.363745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.358007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.315808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.360478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.368431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103182.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104903.073620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92709.536585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106049.478975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 88869.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104228.222442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 107222.813953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105035.235601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 103878.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106188.520277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        92266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105874.020528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98634.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106110.981538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90392.030303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104338.404176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 103926.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104835.309908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95302.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106312.016849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97014.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104757.656836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98768.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106276.053999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95198.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104848.989197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91592.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105764.543518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93979.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104237.960698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92907.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105661.643450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105398.674412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115048.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96727.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 83564.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        96886                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       110328                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98965.464286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103182.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104903.073620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92709.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106050.731762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 88869.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104228.222442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 107222.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105035.235601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 103878.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106183.597586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        92266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105874.020528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98634.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106105.534451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90392.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104338.404176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 103926.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104835.309908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95302.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106309.581564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97014.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104757.656836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98768.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106276.858995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95198.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104848.989197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91592.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105764.543518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93979.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104237.960698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92907.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105661.643450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105398.092811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103182.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104903.073620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92709.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106050.731762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 88869.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104228.222442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 107222.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105035.235601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 103878.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106183.597586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst        92266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105874.020528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98634.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106105.534451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90392.030303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104338.404176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 103926.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104835.309908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95302.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106309.581564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 97014.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104757.656836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 98768.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106276.858995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95198.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104848.989197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91592.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105764.543518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 93979.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104237.960698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 92907.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105661.643450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105398.092811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              516.258203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012189786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1957813.899420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    41.258203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.066119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12181690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12181690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12181690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12181690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     10003294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10003294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     10003294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10003294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     10003294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10003294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12181739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12181739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12181739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12181739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 204148.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 204148.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 204148.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 204148.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 204148.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 204148.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8780877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8780877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8780877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8780877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8780877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8780877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 209068.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209068.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 209068.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209068.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 209068.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209068.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                40874                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166567743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                41130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4049.787090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.147922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.852078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.910734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.089266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8381881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8381881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7056091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18390                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18390                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16988                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16988                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15437972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15437972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15437972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15437972                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       130866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          871                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          871                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       131737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131737                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       131737                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16127399718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16127399718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     76559047                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76559047                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16203958765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16203958765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16203958765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16203958765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8512747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8512747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18390                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18390                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16988                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16988                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15569709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15569709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15569709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15569709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123235.979689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123235.979689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 87897.872560                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87897.872560                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123002.336208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123002.336208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 123002.336208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123002.336208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90863                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90863                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4244187626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4244187626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10168520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10168520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4254356146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4254356146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4254356146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4254356146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104215.779644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104215.779644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 68245.100671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68245.100671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104084.653961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104084.653961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104084.653961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104084.653961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              530.998900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1017902892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1913351.300752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    40.998900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.065703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.850960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12127567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12127567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12127567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12127567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12127567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12127567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8515041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8515041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8515041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8515041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8515041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8515041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12127620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12127620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12127620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12127620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12127620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12127620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160661.150943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160661.150943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160661.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160661.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160661.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160661.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6971593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6971593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6971593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6971593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6971593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6971593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165990.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165990.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165990.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165990.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165990.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165990.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                71429                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              181282786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                71685                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2528.880324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.149397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.850603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8413627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8413627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6971220                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6971220                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19442                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19442                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16265                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16265                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15384847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15384847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15384847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15384847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       180954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       180954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          807                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          807                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       181761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       181761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       181761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       181761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22149958362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22149958362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     73264625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73264625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22223222987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22223222987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22223222987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22223222987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8594581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8594581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6972027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6972027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19442                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19442                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16265                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16265                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15566608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15566608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15566608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15566608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122406.569415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122406.569415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 90786.400248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90786.400248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122266.179142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122266.179142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122266.179142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122266.179142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8945                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8945                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       109658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          674                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       110332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       110332                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110332                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        71296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        71429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        71429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7872398932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7872398932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9444522                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9444522                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7881843454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7881843454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7881843454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7881843454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110418.521825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110418.521825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 71011.443609                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71011.443609                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110345.146285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110345.146285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110345.146285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110345.146285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              558.943457                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              932312352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1658918.775801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.824295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.119162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.054206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12167320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12167320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12167320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12167320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12167320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12167320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6468364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6468364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6468364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6468364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6468364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6468364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12167363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12167363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12167363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12167363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12167363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12167363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150427.069767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150427.069767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150427.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150427.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150427.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150427.069767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5435907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5435907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5435907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5435907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5435907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5435907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155311.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155311.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155311.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155311.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 155311.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155311.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                54377                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              224685455                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                54633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4112.632566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   203.443363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    52.556637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.794701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.205299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17861987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17861987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3449384                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3449384                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8097                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8097                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21311371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       21311371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21311371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      21311371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       189112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       189444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       189444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       189444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       189444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21713612067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21713612067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     28699977                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28699977                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21742312044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21742312044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21742312044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21742312044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18051099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18051099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3449716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3449716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8097                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8097                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21500815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21500815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21500815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21500815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114818.795566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114818.795566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 86445.713855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86445.713855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114769.071831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114769.071831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 114769.071831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114769.071831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       134805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       135067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       135067                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135067                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        54307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        54377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        54377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5725614304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5725614304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4619177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4619177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5730233481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5730233481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5730233481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5730233481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105430.502587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105430.502587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65988.242857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65988.242857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105379.728212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105379.728212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105379.728212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105379.728212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              519.520968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1012186993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1942777.337812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    44.520968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.071348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12178897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12178897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12178897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12178897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12178897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12178897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11211831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11211831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11211831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11211831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11211831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11211831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12178952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12178952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12178952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12178952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12178952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12178952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 203851.472727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 203851.472727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 203851.472727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 203851.472727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 203851.472727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 203851.472727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9432753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9432753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9432753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9432753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9432753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9432753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 205059.847826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205059.847826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 205059.847826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205059.847826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 205059.847826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205059.847826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                40866                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              166563289                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                41122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4050.466636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.147225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.852775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.910731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.089269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8378812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8378812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7054529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7054529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18570                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18570                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16985                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16985                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15433341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15433341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15433341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15433341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       130873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       131723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       131723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       131723                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       131723                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16223433899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16223433899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     75434945                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75434945                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16298868844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16298868844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16298868844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16298868844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8509685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8509685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7055379                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7055379                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18570                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18570                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16985                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16985                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15565064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15565064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15565064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15565064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123963.184912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123963.184912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 88746.994118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88746.994118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123735.937110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123735.937110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123735.937110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123735.937110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        90153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        90857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        90857                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90857                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4272873883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4272873883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10157363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10157363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4283031246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4283031246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4283031246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4283031246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104933.052137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104933.052137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 69570.979452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69570.979452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104806.715754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104806.715754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104806.715754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104806.715754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              519.747277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1013324415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1944960.489443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.747277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.060492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12000264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12000264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12000264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12000264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12000264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12000264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8556012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8556012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8556012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8556012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8556012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8556012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12000312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12000312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12000312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12000312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12000312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12000312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178250.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178250.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178250.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178250.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 178250.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178250.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7095046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7095046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7095046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7095046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7095046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7095046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 181924.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181924.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 181924.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181924.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 181924.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181924.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                55417                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              172643019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                55673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3101.018788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.984853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.015147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.914003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.085997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8463793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8463793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7157303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7157303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17415                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17415                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        16468                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16468                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15621096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15621096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15621096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15621096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       189348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3770                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3770                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       193118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       193118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       193118                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       193118                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  24685709292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24685709292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    481575191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    481575191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25167284483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25167284483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25167284483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25167284483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8653141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8653141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7161073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7161073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17415                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17415                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        16468                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16468                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15814214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15814214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15814214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15814214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 130372.168135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130372.168135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 127738.777454                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127738.777454                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 130320.759758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130320.759758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 130320.759758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130320.759758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19871                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           19871                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       134093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       137701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       137701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        55255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        55417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        55417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5780170571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5780170571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11839363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11839363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5792009934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5792009934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5792009934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5792009934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104609.004995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104609.004995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 73082.487654                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73082.487654                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104516.843820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104516.843820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104516.843820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104516.843820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              529.805086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1017901010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1913347.763158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    40.741145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   489.063941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.065290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.783756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.849047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12125685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12125685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12125685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12125685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12125685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12125685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8527358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8527358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8527358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8527358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8527358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8527358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12125738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12125738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12125738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12125738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12125738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12125738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160893.547170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160893.547170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160893.547170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160893.547170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160893.547170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160893.547170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6837961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6837961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6837961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6837961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6837961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6837961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162808.595238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162808.595238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162808.595238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162808.595238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162808.595238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162808.595238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                71530                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              181272476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                71786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              2525.178670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.147958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.852042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.914640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.085360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8407713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8407713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6966869                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6966869                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19407                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19407                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16255                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16255                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15374582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15374582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15374582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15374582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       181426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          806                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          806                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       182232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       182232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       182232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       182232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22302671914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22302671914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     68742703                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68742703                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22371414617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22371414617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  22371414617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22371414617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8589139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8589139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6967675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6967675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19407                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19407                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16255                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16255                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15556814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15556814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15556814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15556814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122929.855225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122929.855225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85288.713400                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85288.713400                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122763.370961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122763.370961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 122763.370961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122763.370961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8833                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8833                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       110030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       110030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       110702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       110702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        71396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        71530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        71530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7924733822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7924733822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8892649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8892649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7933626471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7933626471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7933626471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7933626471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110996.888089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110996.888089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 66363.052239                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66363.052239                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110913.273745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110913.273745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110913.273745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110913.273745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              517.891932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1013306813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1952421.605010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    35.891932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.057519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11982662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11982662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11982662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11982662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11982662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11982662                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7858671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7858671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7858671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7858671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7858671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7858671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11982708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11982708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11982708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11982708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11982708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11982708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170840.673913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170840.673913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170840.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170840.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170840.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170840.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6247206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6247206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6247206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6247206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6247206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6247206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168843.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168843.405405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168843.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168843.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168843.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168843.405405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                55458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              172614719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                55714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              3098.228793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.031964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.968036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8447286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8447286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7145588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7145588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17363                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17363                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16442                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16442                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15592874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       15592874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15592874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      15592874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       189172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       192909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       192909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       192909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       192909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24883799709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24883799709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    469892931                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    469892931                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25353692640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25353692640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  25353692640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25353692640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8636458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8636458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7149325                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7149325                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17363                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17363                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16442                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16442                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15785783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15785783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15785783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15785783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 131540.607008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131540.607008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 125740.682633                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125740.682633                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 131428.251870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131428.251870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 131428.251870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131428.251870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18343                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           18343                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       133872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       137451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       137451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5940850538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5940850538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10904491                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10904491                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5951755029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5951755029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5951755029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5951755029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107429.485316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107429.485316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69015.765823                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69015.765823                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107320.044520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107320.044520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107320.044520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107320.044520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              559.067602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              932312508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1661876.128342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    33.050729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   526.016873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.052966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12167476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12167476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12167476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12167476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12167476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12167476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6236230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6236230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6236230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6236230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6236230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6236230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12167517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12167517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12167517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12167517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12167517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12167517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152103.170732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152103.170732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152103.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152103.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152103.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152103.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5365422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5365422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5365422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5365422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5365422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5365422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157806.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157806.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157806.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157806.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157806.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157806.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                54353                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              224692368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                54609                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4114.566610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   203.440469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    52.559531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.794689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.205311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17867036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17867036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3451228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3451228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     21318264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       21318264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     21318264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      21318264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       188692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       188692                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       189051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       189051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       189051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       189051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21640551052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21640551052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     31256212                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31256212                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21671807264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21671807264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21671807264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21671807264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     18055728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18055728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3451587                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3451587                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     21507315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21507315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     21507315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21507315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114687.167723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114687.167723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 87064.657382                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87064.657382                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114634.713723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114634.713723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114634.713723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114634.713723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6558                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            6558                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       134412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       134698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       134698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        54280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        54353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        54353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5712240015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5712240015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4867613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4867613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5717107628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5717107628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5717107628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5717107628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105236.551492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105236.551492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 66679.630137                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66679.630137                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105184.766765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105184.766765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105184.766765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105184.766765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              516.163424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1012188880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1957812.147002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    41.163424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.065967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12180784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12180784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12180784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12180784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12180784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12180784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10672733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10672733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10672733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10672733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10672733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10672733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12180838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12180838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12180838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12180838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12180838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12180838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 197643.203704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 197643.203704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 197643.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 197643.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 197643.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 197643.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8534900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8534900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8534900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8534900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8534900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8534900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 203211.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203211.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 203211.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203211.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 203211.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203211.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                40874                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              166569348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                41130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4049.826112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.147176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.852824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.910731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.089269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8382784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8382784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7056647                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056647                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        18532                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18532                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16992                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16992                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15439431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15439431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15439431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15439431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       130951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       131837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       131837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       131837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       131837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16222347573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16222347573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     77456051                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77456051                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16299803624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16299803624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  16299803624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16299803624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8513735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8513735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7057533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7057533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        18532                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18532                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16992                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16992                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15571268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15571268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15571268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15571268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123881.051485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123881.051485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 87422.179458                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87422.179458                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123636.032555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123636.032555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123636.032555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123636.032555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        90228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        90963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        90963                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90963                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4254164067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4254164067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10264679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10264679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4264428746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4264428746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4264428746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4264428746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104465.880878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104465.880878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 67978.006623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67978.006623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104331.084455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104331.084455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104331.084455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104331.084455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              519.186825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1013322240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1944956.314779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.186825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.059594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11998089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11998089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11998089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11998089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11998089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11998089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8225936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8225936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8225936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8225936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8225936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8225936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11998139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11998139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11998139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11998139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11998139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11998139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164518.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164518.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164518.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164518.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164518.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164518.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6514559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6514559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6514559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6514559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6514559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6514559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167039.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167039.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167039.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167039.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167039.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167039.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                55598                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              172636620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                55854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3090.855086                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.986190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.013810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.914009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.085991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8456783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8456783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7157752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7157752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17575                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17575                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16470                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16470                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15614535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15614535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15614535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15614535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       189427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3789                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3789                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       193216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       193216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       193216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       193216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  24737087403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24737087403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    474997883                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    474997883                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25212085286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25212085286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  25212085286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25212085286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8646210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8646210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7161541                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7161541                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17575                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17575                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16470                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16470                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15807751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15807751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15807751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15807751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 130589.025867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130589.025867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125362.333861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125362.333861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 130486.529511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130486.529511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 130486.529511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130486.529511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           19805                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       133987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       137618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       137618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5811644544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5811644544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     11044145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11044145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5822688689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5822688689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5822688689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5822688689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104827.643290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104827.643290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 69899.651899                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69899.651899                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104728.383917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104728.383917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104728.383917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104728.383917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              516.068734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1012187771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1957810.001934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    41.068734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.065815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12179675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12179675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12179675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12179675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12179675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12179675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9450752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9450752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9450752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9450752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9450752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9450752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12179724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12179724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12179724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12179724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12179724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12179724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 192872.489796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192872.489796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 192872.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192872.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 192872.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192872.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7905669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7905669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7905669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7905669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7905669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7905669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 188230.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188230.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 188230.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188230.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 188230.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188230.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                40863                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              166564290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                41119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4050.786498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.148616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.851384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.910737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.089263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8380381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8380381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7054112                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7054112                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18420                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18420                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        16984                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16984                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15434493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       15434493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15434493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      15434493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       130799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          879                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       131678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       131678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       131678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       131678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16253071254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16253071254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     76741181                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76741181                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16329812435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16329812435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16329812435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16329812435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8511180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8511180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7054991                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7054991                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        18420                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18420                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        16984                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16984                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15566171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15566171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15566171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15566171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 124259.904541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124259.904541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 87305.097838                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87305.097838                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 124013.217356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124013.217356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 124013.217356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124013.217356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        90086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        90815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        90815                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90815                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4266134800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4266134800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10125089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10125089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4276259889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4276259889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4276259889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4276259889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104785.567264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104785.567264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 67500.593333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67500.593333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104648.701490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104648.701490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104648.701490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104648.701490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              519.619896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1013311266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1944935.251440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    37.619896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.060288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11987115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11987115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11987115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11987115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11987115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11987115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8308889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8308889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8308889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8308889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8308889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8308889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11987164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11987164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11987164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11987164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11987164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11987164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169569.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169569.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169569.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169569.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169569.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169569.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6618473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6618473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6618473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6618473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6618473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6618473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169704.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169704.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169704.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169704.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169704.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169704.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                55352                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              172636075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                55608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3104.518684                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.984193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.015807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.914001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.085999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8459514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8459514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7154558                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7154558                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17500                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17500                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16463                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16463                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15614072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       15614072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15614072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      15614072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       189243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3753                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3753                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       192996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       192996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       192996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       192996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  24793211984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24793211984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    473644428                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    473644428                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  25266856412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25266856412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  25266856412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25266856412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8648757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8648757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7158311                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7158311                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17500                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17500                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16463                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16463                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15807068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15807068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15807068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15807068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 131012.571054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131012.571054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 126204.217426                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126204.217426                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 130919.067815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130919.067815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 130919.067815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130919.067815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           18641                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       134048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       137644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       137644                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137644                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5877856391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5877856391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10897611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10897611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5888754002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5888754002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5888754002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5888754002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106492.551699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106492.551699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 69411.535032                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69411.535032                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106387.375379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106387.375379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106387.375379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106387.375379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              516.069290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1012186407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1957807.363636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    41.069290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.065816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12178311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12178311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12178311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12178311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12178311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12178311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9543227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9543227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9543227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9543227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9543227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9543227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12178364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12178364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12178364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12178364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12178364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12178364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 180060.886792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180060.886792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 180060.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180060.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 180060.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180060.886792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7559619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7559619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7559619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7559619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7559619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7559619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 179990.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179990.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 179990.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179990.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 179990.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179990.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                40854                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              166562149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                41110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4051.621236                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.148147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.851853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.910735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.089265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8378841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8378841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7053472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7053472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18461                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18461                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16982                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16982                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15432313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15432313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15432313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15432313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       130765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       131615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       131615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       131615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       131615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16287863836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16287863836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     74954478                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74954478                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16362818314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16362818314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16362818314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16362818314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8509606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8509606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7054322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7054322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18461                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18461                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16982                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16982                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15563928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15563928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15563928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15563928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 124558.282690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124558.282690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 88181.738824                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88181.738824                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 124323.354587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124323.354587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 124323.354587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124323.354587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8592                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8592                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        90057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        90761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        90761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        40708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        40854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        40854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4281419921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4281419921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10010708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10010708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4291430629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4291430629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4291430629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4291430629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105173.919647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105173.919647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 68566.493151                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68566.493151                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105043.095633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105043.095633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105043.095633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105043.095633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              494.293099                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1015372451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2051257.476768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    39.293099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.062970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12273011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12273011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12273011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12273011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12273011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12273011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7968730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7968730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7968730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7968730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7968730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7968730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12273062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12273062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12273062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12273062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12273062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12273062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156249.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156249.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156249.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156249.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156249.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156249.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6329451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6329451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6329451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6329451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6329451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6329451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158236.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158236.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158236.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158236.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158236.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158236.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                36272                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              164326490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                36528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4498.644601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.432525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.567475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.911846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.088154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9782517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9782517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7270715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7270715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19494                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19494                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17053232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       17053232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17053232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      17053232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        93106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2141                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2141                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        95247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        95247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        95247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        95247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10198675047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10198675047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    142626877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    142626877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10341301924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10341301924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10341301924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10341301924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      9875623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9875623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7272856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7272856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19494                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19494                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17148479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17148479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17148479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17148479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 109538.322417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109538.322417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 66616.943951                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66616.943951                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108573.518578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108573.518578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108573.518578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108573.518578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       221715                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 27714.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7748                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            7748                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        57045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        58975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        58975                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58975                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3633508615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3633508615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16049386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16049386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3649558001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3649558001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3649558001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3649558001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100760.062533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100760.062533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 76063.440758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76063.440758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100616.398351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100616.398351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100616.398351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100616.398351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              559.155534                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              932312936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1658919.814947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    34.036448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.119086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.054546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12167904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12167904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12167904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12167904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12167904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12167904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6902047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6902047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6902047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6902047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6902047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6902047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12167948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12167948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12167948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12167948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12167948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12167948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156864.704545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156864.704545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156864.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156864.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156864.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156864.704545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5683510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5683510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5683510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5683510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5683510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5683510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       162386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       162386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       162386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                54350                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              224689361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                54606                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4114.737593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   203.017216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    52.982784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.793036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.206964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17864031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17864031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3451242                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3451242                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21315273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       21315273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21315273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      21315273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       188792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       188792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          335                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          335                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       189127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       189127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       189127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       189127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21620261914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21620261914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     28832373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28832373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21649094287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21649094287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21649094287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21649094287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18052823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18052823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3451577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3451577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8167                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21504400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21504400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21504400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21504400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114518.951619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114518.951619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86066.785075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86066.785075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114468.554395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114468.554395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 114468.554395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114468.554395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6367                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            6367                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       134512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       134777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       134777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        54280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        54350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        54350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5709426734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5709426734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4592962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4592962                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5714019696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5714019696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5714019696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5714019696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105184.722439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105184.722439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 65613.742857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65613.742857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105133.757056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105133.757056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105133.757056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105133.757056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              528.849279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1017901736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1920569.313208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.849279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.062258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12126411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12126411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12126411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12126411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12126411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12126411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8590966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8590966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8590966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8590966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8590966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8590966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12126463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12126463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12126463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12126463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12126463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12126463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165210.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165210.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165210.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165210.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165210.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165210.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6782571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6782571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6782571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6782571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6782571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6782571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169564.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169564.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169564.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169564.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169564.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169564.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                71526                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              181283912                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                71782                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2525.478699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.148534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.851466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.914643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.085357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8414633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8414633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6971334                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6971334                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19447                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19447                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16266                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16266                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15385967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       15385967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15385967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      15385967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       180916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       180916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          806                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          806                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       181722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       181722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       181722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       181722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22201361658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22201361658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     68955850                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68955850                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22270317508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22270317508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22270317508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22270317508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8595549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8595549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6972140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6972140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19447                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19447                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16266                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16266                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15567689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15567689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15567689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15567689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122716.407935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122716.407935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 85553.163772                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85553.163772                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122551.576078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122551.576078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122551.576078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122551.576078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8786                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8786                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       109524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       110196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       110196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        71392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        71526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        71526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7899546836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7899546836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8916553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8916553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7908463389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7908463389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7908463389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7908463389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110650.308662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110650.308662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66541.440299                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66541.440299                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110567.673140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110567.673140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110567.673140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110567.673140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
