
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011844                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11843794128                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538945857036                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 396902                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   510336                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 296073                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67760084                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40002.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15877235658                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20414904432                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       247680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       256128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       404864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       246272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       445696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       257152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       245888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       163328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       247936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       256128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       407808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       163712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       404736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       257152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4317952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1253760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1253760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 33734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9795                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9795                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20912218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       280991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21625503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       389065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     34183640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20793337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       367450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     37631184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       302606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21711961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       367450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     20760915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       432294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13790176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       367450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     20933832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       302606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21625503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       367450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     34432209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       453909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13822598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     34172833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       302606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21711961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               364575064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       280991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       389065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       367450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       302606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       367450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       432294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       367450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       302606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       367450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       453909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       302606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5781931                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         105857970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              105857970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         105857970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20912218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       280991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21625503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       389065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     34183640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20793337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       367450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     37631184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       302606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21711961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       367450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     20760915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       432294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13790176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       367450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     20933832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       302606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21625503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       367450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     34432209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       453909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13822598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     34172833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       302606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21711961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              470433034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2074637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700694                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205129                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854178                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808197                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212585                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9164                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19826671                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11809209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2074637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1020782                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2595110                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        586719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      2000753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1223923                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204163                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24800263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       22205153     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         280036      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         323125      1.30%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         178344      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         207312      0.84%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         113355      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          77464      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         201783      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1213691      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24800263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073044                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.415782                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19661445                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      2169418                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2574443                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        19370                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336981                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2148                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14417421                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        11356                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19692311                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        466245                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1616403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2563650                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        86067                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14407549                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        21693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        40349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20011491                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67087433                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67087433                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17025519                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2985955                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3859                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          233651                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380407                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       749871                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19767                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       165753                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14379932                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3867                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13569915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1841582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4266035                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          524                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24800263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19084411     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298625      9.27%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234739      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854120      3.44%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       748261      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383650      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91499      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60500      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44458      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24800263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3325     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13238     44.28%     55.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13336     44.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11355611     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212335      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256693      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       743618      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13569915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.477774                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29899                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002203                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51989258                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16225517                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13339908                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13599814                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34220                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251666                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           93                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19326                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          530                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        422592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13781                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383818                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380407                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       749871                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9569                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116390                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233825                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13366621                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1179261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1922650                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1868545                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           743389                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.470616                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13340199                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13339908                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7930579                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20778752                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.469676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381668                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12268684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2115251                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206227                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24424682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19412056     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2324592      9.52%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975252      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584313      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405299      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261144      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136726      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109023      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216277      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24424682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12268684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1859286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1128741                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1755765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11060836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       249611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       216277                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           38592275                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29143477                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                306952                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               3602122                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12268684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.840238                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.840238                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.352083                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.352083                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60294368                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18509544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13452068                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1935399                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1733022                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       155218                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1310106                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278715                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112863                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4628                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20548491                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11004841                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1935399                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1391578                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2453473                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        511226                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       857952                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1243912                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151991                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     24215084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21761611     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         379274      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         184579      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         374242      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         115420      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         348646      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          53205      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          86529      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         911578      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     24215084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068142                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.387462                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20355605                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1055903                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2448355                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2015                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       353205                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       178045                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1963                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12271186                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4621                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       353205                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20378147                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        690707                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       295007                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2425741                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        72271                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12251425                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         9523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        55493                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     16014374                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     55463157                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     55463157                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     12949057                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3065317                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1599                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          813                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          165012                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2247834                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       349003                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3103                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        79512                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12186985                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1604                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        11398919                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7598                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2227205                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4581673                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24215084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19215909     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1551823      6.41%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1701718      7.03%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974587      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       495466      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124465      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144893      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3432      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2791      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24215084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18671     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7730     23.68%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6247     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8914879     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86823      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2050782     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345647      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     11398919                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.401337                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32648                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47053168                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14415832                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11107272                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     11431567                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8809                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       461128                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9055                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       353205                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        608899                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8604                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12188599                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2247834                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349003                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          811                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4166                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          255                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104723                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59569                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       164292                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11256175                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2021918                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142744                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2367527                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1713938                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           345609                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.396311                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             11110140                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            11107272                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6730470                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14514108                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.391068                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.463719                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8863494                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      9945129                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2243999                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1587                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       154065                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23861879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20177843     84.56%     84.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1434921      6.01%     90.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934587      3.92%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       290737      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       492236      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93431      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59257      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53754      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       325113      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23861879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8863494                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      9945129                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2126654                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1786706                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1529116                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         8680684                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       121036                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       325113                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           35725868                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          24731707                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                463341                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               4187301                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8863494                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             9945129                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8863494                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.204423                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.204423                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.312069                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.312069                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       52378911                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      14438606                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13090113                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1586                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               28399604                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1996482                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1632820                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       197177                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       825686                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         785826                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8847                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19366722                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11330629                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1996482                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       990486                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2373606                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        574188                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       946263                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1193122                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198240                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23059298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20685692     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         129215      0.56%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         203311      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         322369      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         133902      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         149505      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         160592      0.70%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         104148      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1170564      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23059298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.070300                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.398971                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19182002                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1132777                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2365981                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         6103                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       372434                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       327092                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13831927                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1620                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       372434                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19212221                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        246200                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       799918                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2342381                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        86131                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13821447                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents         2426                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        23843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        32214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5062                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     19185455                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     64289236                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     64289236                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     16336334                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2849049                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3511                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1926                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          258740                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1318133                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       708808                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21376                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       160726                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13799081                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3519                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13044639                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17189                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1770461                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3975474                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          333                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23059298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17556126     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2210199      9.58%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1208197      5.24%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       824213      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       768419      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220605      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       172428      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58750      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40361      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23059298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3086     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9500     38.91%     51.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11831     48.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10926115     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       206458      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1580      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1206574      9.25%     94.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       703912      5.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13044639                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.459325                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24417                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49190182                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15573206                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12832563                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13069056                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39216                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239786                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           31                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          150                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23088                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          848                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       372434                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        163069                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12183                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13802623                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6310                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1318133                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       708808                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9049                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          150                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114470                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112980                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       227450                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12857797                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1134736                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       186842                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1838247                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1809226                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           703511                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.452746                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12832780                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12832563                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7503778                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        19596467                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.451857                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382915                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9596119                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11762519                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2040108                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3186                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       201102                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22686864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17909979     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2313345     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       901807      3.98%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       485933      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       361962      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       202572      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       125758      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111559      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273949      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22686864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9596119                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11762519                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1764044                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1078337                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1590                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1688361                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10599068                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       239010                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       273949                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           36215477                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          27977794                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                315910                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               5340306                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9596119                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11762519                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9596119                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.959489                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.959489                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.337896                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.337896                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       57978772                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      17789223                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12902729                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2076944                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1702679                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205406                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       858777                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         811045                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213133                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9185                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19869167                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11807642                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2076944                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1024178                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2597861                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        584753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1996626                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1226071                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204431                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     24839163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.916781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       22241302     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         281173      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         324245      1.31%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         178446      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         207838      0.84%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         114640      0.46%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          77045      0.31%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         200855      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1213619      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     24839163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.073126                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.415727                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19705103                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2164136                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2576907                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        19652                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       373359                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       337209                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2150                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14419773                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        11393                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       373359                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19736022                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        510784                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1566419                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2566259                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        86314                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14409614                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        21708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        40569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     20015340                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     67095166                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     67095166                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17061054                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2954275                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3873                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          234519                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382945                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       750990                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19549                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       165644                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14382181                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3878                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13586645                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1819016                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4194768                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          527                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24839163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239949                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19112217     76.94%     76.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2304219      9.28%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1239654      4.99%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       855816      3.45%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746716      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383752      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92158      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59950      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44681      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24839163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3292     11.02%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13249     44.36%     55.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13326     44.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11368917     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211910      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1662      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1259462      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       744694      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13586645                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.478363                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29867                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002198                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52061578                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16205212                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13355013                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13616512                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33938                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251837                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           90                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18897                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          830                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          510                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       373359                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        468394                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13932                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14386081                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7924                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382945                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       750990                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2204                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9731                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118243                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116098                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       234341                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13381945                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1181762                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       204700                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1926226                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1871518                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           744464                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.471156                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13355286                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13355013                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7939316                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20800137                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.470207                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381695                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10020892                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12294304                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2091913                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3351                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       206500                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24465804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318286                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19441704     79.46%     79.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2330381      9.53%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       977603      4.00%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       585528      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406180      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261453      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137057      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109378      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216520      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24465804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10020892                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12294304                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1863198                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1131105                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1672                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1759418                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11083961                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       250137                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       216520                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           38635436                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          29145811                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                306896                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               3563222                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10020892                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12294304                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10020892                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.834317                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.834317                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.352819                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.352819                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       60366145                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18531234                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13453331                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3348                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1931524                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1742222                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       104278                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       838168                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         689897                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4613                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20507392                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12139671                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1931524                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       796527                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2400786                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        326772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      2691899                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1179119                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       104592                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     25819986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.551647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.853835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       23419200     90.70%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          85617      0.33%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         175381      0.68%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          74212      0.29%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         397492      1.54%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         355559      1.38%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          69686      0.27%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         144080      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1098759      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     25819986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068006                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.427417                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20301629                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2899211                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2391877                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         7596                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       219668                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       169923                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          241                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14234369                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1484                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       219668                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20328857                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2669060                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       136110                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2374771                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        91513                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14225681                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           50                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        45948                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        30049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1801                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     16718028                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     66992467                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     66992467                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     14786638                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1931384                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1668                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          852                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          212131                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3351853                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1694015                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15557                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        83185                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14195593                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1673                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13639379                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7959                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1114076                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2663104                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25819986                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20921020     81.03%     81.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1496509      5.80%     86.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1211481      4.69%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       521932      2.02%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       651812      2.52%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       619298      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       352530      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28038      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17366      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25819986                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34291     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       262275     86.20%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7686      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8564159     62.79%     62.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       119057      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          816      0.01%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3265934     23.94%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1689413     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13639379                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.480219                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            304252                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53410955                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15311712                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13520766                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13943631                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24879                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       134534                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          372                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11724                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1204                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       219668                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2601215                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25369                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14197285                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3351853                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1694015                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          851                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15637                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          372                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        60450                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61359                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       121809                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13542568                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3255101                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96811                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            4944302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1774091                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1689201                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.476811                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13521232                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13520766                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7307512                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        14430402                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.476043                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506397                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10971293                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12893342                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1305519                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1647                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       106357                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25600318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20906497     81.66%     81.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1727017      6.75%     88.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       805540      3.15%     91.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       790789      3.09%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       218211      0.85%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       906622      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        68902      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50408      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       126332      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25600318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10971293                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12893342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              4899610                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             3217319                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               822                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1702518                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11465638                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       124985                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       126332                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           39672808                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          28617419                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                443299                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2582399                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10971293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12893342                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10971293                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.588791                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.588791                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.386281                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.386281                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       66938556                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      15714386                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      16937818                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1644                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               28402165                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1940690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1737535                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       155347                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1312377                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1282275                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112938                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4630                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20598021                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11032966                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1940690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1395213                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2459727                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        511657                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       840142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1246834                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       152111                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     24253362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21793635     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         380774      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         185026      0.76%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         375417      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         115230      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         349345      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          53302      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          86611      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         914022      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     24253362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068329                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.388455                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20406331                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1036857                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2454652                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2020                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       353501                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       178719                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1971                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12300823                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4646                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       353501                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20428645                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        685134                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       282069                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2432222                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        71785                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12281246                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9513                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        55055                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     16052115                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     55592891                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     55592891                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     12984317                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3067675                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1598                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          810                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          164447                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2253575                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       349892                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3113                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        79609                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12215836                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1602                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        11426663                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7679                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2228307                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4584672                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24253362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19241336     79.33%     79.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1556025      6.42%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1706762      7.04%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       976724      4.03%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       496507      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124214      0.51%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145519      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3470      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2805      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24253362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18840     57.34%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7747     23.58%     80.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6271     19.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8936090     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86975      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          790      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2056281     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346527      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     11426663                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.402317                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32858                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002876                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47147225                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14445781                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11135364                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     11459521                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8698                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       461874                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8984                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       353501                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        604182                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8485                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12217444                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          483                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2253575                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349892                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          808                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4077                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          248                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104812                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59648                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       164460                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11284856                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2028146                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141807                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2374635                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1718747                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           346489                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.397324                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11138290                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11135364                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6746587                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        14540461                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.392060                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.463987                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8887716                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      9972344                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2245519                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1590                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       154186                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23899861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20205710     84.54%     84.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1438809      6.02%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       936893      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       291685      1.22%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       493667      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93991      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59363      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        54051      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       325692      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23899861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8887716                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      9972344                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2132577                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1791669                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1533299                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         8704484                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       121385                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       325692                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35792006                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          24789584                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                464484                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               4148803                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8887716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             9972344                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8887716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.195665                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.195665                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.312924                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.312924                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       52512350                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      14473966                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13124430                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2455190                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2043835                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       224967                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       938477                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         897499                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264056                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10438                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21361798                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             13465275                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2455190                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1161555                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2806991                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        627468                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2009426                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1328278                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215135                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     26582006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.984891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       23775015     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         172021      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         216638      0.81%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         345411      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         144965      0.55%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         186240      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         216492      0.81%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          99631      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1425593      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     26582006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086443                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.474090                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       21239396                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2147350                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2793703                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1383                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       400172                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       373848                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     16463404                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       400172                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       21261188                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         69007                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2018268                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2773263                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        60101                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     16362970                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         8675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        41704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     22849103                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     76090556                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     76090556                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     19093355                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3755748                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3955                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2062                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          211093                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1536062                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       800889                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9027                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       179843                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         15976316                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3971                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        15316242                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1960420                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4005630                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26582006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20093630     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2958110     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210127      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       678524      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       918356      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283347      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279020      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149109      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11783      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26582006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105789     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14484     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13688     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12902370     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209156      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1893      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1404669      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       798154      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     15316242                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.539259                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            133961                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57364386                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17940797                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14915340                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     15450203                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295067                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12222                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       400172                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         52793                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6813                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15980293                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11867                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1536062                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       800889                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2062                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5960                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132479                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126632                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       259111                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15048381                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1381052                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       267861                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2179077                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2127909                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           798025                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.529828                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14915460                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14915340                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8935215                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        24005825                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.525144                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372210                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11108184                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13687798                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2292554                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3821                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       226677                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26181834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20388158     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2936136     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1066951      4.08%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       529863      2.02%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486254      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204050      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202198      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96075      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272149      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26181834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11108184                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13687798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2029662                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1240995                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1983970                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12323478                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       282636                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       272149                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           41889959                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          32360894                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                326614                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1820379                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11108184                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13687798                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11108184                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.556888                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.556888                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.391100                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.391100                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       67707024                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      20840128                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15221299                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2075402                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701922                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205689                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       856357                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         810448                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9061                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19850371                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11809400                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2075402                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1023036                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2597462                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        586141                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      2001229                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1225294                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204542                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     24825878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917186                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       22228416     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         280371      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         324999      1.31%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         178760      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         208239      0.84%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         113147      0.46%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          77536      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         200529      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1213881      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     24825878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073071                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.415789                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19686931                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2168153                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2576518                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        19602                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       374668                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       336459                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2148                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14418214                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        11370                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       374668                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19717934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        460289                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1620943                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2565975                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        86063                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14408287                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        21850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        40266                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     20017232                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     67096537                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     67096537                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17047140                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2970092                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3849                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2183                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          234193                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380316                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       749679                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19742                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       165361                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14381414                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3853                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13575216                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18667                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1829211                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4246574                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          507                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24825878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19104104     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2304065      9.28%     86.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1235018      4.97%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       855323      3.45%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       747624      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383243      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91600      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60373      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44528      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24825878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3285     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13046     44.00%     55.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13320     44.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11360578     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212301      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1660      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257363      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       743314      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13575216                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.477960                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29651                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002184                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52024628                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16214615                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13345706                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13604867                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33941                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       250160                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          101                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18223                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          829                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          317                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       374668                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        422841                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13832                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14385293                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7226                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380316                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       749679                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9587                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118692                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115916                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       234608                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13371871                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1179748                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203345                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1922838                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1869754                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           743090                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.470801                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13345981                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13345706                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7934476                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20788549                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.469880                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381675                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10012637                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12284189                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2101237                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3346                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       206781                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24451210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19431294     79.47%     79.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2328319      9.52%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       976776      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584800      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406328      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261378      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136776      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109252      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216287      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24451210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10012637                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12284189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1861612                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1130156                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1670                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1757987                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11074808                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       249924                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       216287                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           38620284                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29145532                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                307348                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3576507                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10012637                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12284189                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10012637                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.836654                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.836654                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.352528                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.352528                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       60322354                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18520835                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13452654                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3342                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2199899                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1799954                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216358                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       903806                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         864097                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         226999                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9819                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21168011                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12304476                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2199899                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1091096                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2567014                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        592387                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1150923                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1296566                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       216400                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     25259730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       22692716     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         119592      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         189841      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         256802      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         264050      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         223821      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         125936      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         186170      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1200802      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     25259730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077455                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.433220                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20951789                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1369829                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2562091                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         3055                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       372964                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       361945                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          263                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     15096272                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1535                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       372964                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       21010055                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        183305                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1053319                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2507560                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       132525                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     15089553                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        19333                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        56958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     21054839                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     70198330                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     70198330                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     18217341                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2837498                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3734                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1940                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          396758                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1413315                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       764691                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9094                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       175528                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         15069603                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3747                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        14299916                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2275                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1688458                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4049873                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          135                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25259730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19215197     76.07%     76.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2481257      9.82%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258312      4.98%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       951733      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       748328      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301912      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190280      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        99404      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13307      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25259730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2734     11.46%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8741     36.62%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12392     51.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12026038     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213400      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1296570      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       762117      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     14299916                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.503476                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23867                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001669                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53885704                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16761874                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14081781                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     14323783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28604                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229572                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11625                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       372964                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        151263                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13004                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15073376                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6150                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1413315                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       764691                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1943                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11035                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125010                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       122220                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       247230                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14099561                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1218606                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       200355                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1980657                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2002875                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           762051                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.496422                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             14081903                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            14081781                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8084193                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        21790295                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.495796                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371000                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10620201                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     13068463                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2004926                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3612                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       218853                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24886766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19528698     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2653916     10.66%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1005106      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477993      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400836      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231461      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204598      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91145      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       293013      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24886766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10620201                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     13068463                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1936809                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1183743                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1884658                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11774457                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       269161                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       293013                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           39667064                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          30519759                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                322377                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               3142655                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10620201                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            13068463                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10620201                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.674374                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.674374                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.373919                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.373919                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       63458508                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      19615525                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13993861                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3608                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               28402383                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2075736                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701993                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205309                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       856761                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         810034                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212518                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9065                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19829205                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11808114                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2075736                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1022552                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2596658                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        585891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1988861                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1224099                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204348                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     24791517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       22194859     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         280919      1.13%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         323993      1.31%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         178560      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         208187      0.84%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         112996      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          77452      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         200842      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1213709      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     24791517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.073083                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.415744                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19664974                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2156528                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2575978                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        19385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       374646                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       336833                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         2147                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14415864                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        11296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       374646                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19695872                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        518189                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1551528                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2565198                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        86078                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14405932                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        21950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        40239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     20010591                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     67079316                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     67079316                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17031232                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2979359                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3780                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2117                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          233359                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380726                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       749303                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19642                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       165830                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14377850                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3786                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13568439                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19552                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1835702                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4267374                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          444                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24791517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19073997     76.94%     76.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2299702      9.28%     86.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1235507      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       855771      3.45%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       747436      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383072      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91544      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59862      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44626      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24791517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3314     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13168     44.24%     55.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13282     44.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11353853     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212179      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1659      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257633      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       743115      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13568439                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.477722                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29764                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002194                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51977711                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16217478                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13337578                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13598203                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33819                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251591                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           80                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          143                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18509                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          500                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       374646                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        469507                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14381657                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8318                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380726                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       749303                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2117                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9890                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          143                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118025                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116181                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       234206                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13364812                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1179474                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203627                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1922345                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1868602                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           742871                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.470552                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13337881                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13337578                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7929358                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20775895                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.469594                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381661                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10003339                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12272856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2108968                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       206366                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24416871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19401671     79.46%     79.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2326131      9.53%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975913      4.00%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584492      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405548      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261020      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136760      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109117      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216219      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24416871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10003339                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12272856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1859929                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1129135                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1756397                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11064589                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       249705                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       216219                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           38582411                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29138309                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                306716                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               3610866                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10003339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12272856                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10003339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.839290                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.839290                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.352201                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.352201                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60285467                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18509022                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13450065                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3338                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2458024                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2046166                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       225239                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       939565                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         898546                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264379                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10453                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21387131                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             13480675                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2458024                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1162925                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2810225                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        628217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      1978450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1329855                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215392                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     26583036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       23772811     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         172220      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         216889      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         345814      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         145129      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         186469      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         216737      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          99769      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1427198      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     26583036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086543                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.474632                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       21267537                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      2116549                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2796915                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       400647                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       374298                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     16482251                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       400647                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       21289358                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         69122                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1987280                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2776446                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        60176                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     16381671                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         8686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        41753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     22875169                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     76177459                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     76177459                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     19115259                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3759907                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3959                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          211331                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1537833                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       801810                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9036                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       180054                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         15994701                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3975                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        15333895                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15952                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1962605                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4010111                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26583036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20087160     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2961531     11.14%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1211546      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       679281      2.56%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       919448      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283670      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279309      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149295      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11796      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26583036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105909     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14502     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13703     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12917241     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209390      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1895      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1406296      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       799073      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     15333895                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.539881                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            134114                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57400892                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17961371                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14932525                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     15468009                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11355                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295409                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12238                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       400647                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         52878                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6825                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15998682                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11884                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1537833                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       801810                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2064                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5971                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132641                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126781                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       259422                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15065717                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1382643                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       268178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2181587                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2130387                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           798944                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.530438                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14932644                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14932525                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8945459                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        24033134                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.525749                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372214                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11120932                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13703530                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2295208                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3825                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       226951                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26182389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20382025     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2939543     11.23%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1068157      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       530501      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486805      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204286      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202431      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96194      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272447      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26182389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11120932                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13703530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2031995                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1242423                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1986266                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        12337653                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       282972                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       272447                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           41908602                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          32398144                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                327022                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1819349                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11120932                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13703530                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11120932                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.553957                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.553957                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.391549                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.391549                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       67784931                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      20864113                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      15238730                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3822                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1934474                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732077                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154952                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1307860                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278358                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112897                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4663                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20541313                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10999430                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1934474                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1391255                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2452474                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        510450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       870214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1243349                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151763                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     24218660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739370                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21766186     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         379366      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         184657      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         374323      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         114687      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         348562      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          53272      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          86352      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         911255      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     24218660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068110                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.387271                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20348151                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1068437                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2447381                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1991                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       352699                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       178011                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1960                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12264934                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       352699                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20370624                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        705504                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       292773                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2424861                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        72193                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12245634                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        55474                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     16004945                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     55435941                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     55435941                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     12945700                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3059245                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1591                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          804                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          165136                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2247471                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       348763                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3056                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        79393                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12181536                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1595                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        11395382                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7574                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2223532                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4575299                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24218660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19220266     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1551837      6.41%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1702225      7.03%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974123      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       494687      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124172      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145119      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3444      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2787      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24218660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18648     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7731     23.70%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6239     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8911169     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86773      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2051283     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345369      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     11395382                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.401212                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32618                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47049616                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14406702                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11103863                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     11428000                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8531                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       460979                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8952                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       352699                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        623912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8615                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12183137                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          456                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2247471                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       348763                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          803                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4204                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          238                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104613                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59323                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       163936                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11253169                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2022158                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142213                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2367496                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1713475                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           345338                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.396205                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             11106816                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            11103863                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6728397                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14507470                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.390948                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.463788                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8861556                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9942732                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2240923                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1586                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       153803                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23865961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20182313     84.57%     84.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1435120      6.01%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934205      3.91%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       290926      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491758      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93832      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59129      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53966      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324712      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23865961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8861556                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9942732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2126303                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1786492                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1528783                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         8678522                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       120989                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       324712                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           35724878                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          24720254                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                462743                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               4183725                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8861556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9942732                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8861556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.205124                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.205124                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.312000                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.312000                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       52365411                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      14433146                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13084326                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1584                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1992753                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1630055                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       197092                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       820062                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         783089                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204222                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8841                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19338332                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11310715                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1992753                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       987311                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2368450                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        574445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1020360                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1191362                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198147                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23100198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20731748     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         129084      0.56%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         202405      0.88%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         322056      1.39%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         132814      0.57%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         148478      0.64%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         159650      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         104147      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1169816      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23100198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070161                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.398231                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19153084                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1207394                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2360786                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         6153                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       372780                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       326223                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13807964                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1629                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       372780                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19183870                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        255987                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       860278                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2336753                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        90517                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13797792                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         3589                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        23953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        32696                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8322                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19154183                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     64179976                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     64179976                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     16305121                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2849040                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3506                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1927                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          261623                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1315765                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       707167                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21144                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       160485                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13776065                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3517                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13023106                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17019                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1770882                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3969273                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          335                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23100198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17606735     76.22%     76.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2205927      9.55%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1205690      5.22%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       823420      3.56%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       767164      3.32%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219825      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       172698      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58342      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40397      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23100198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3109     12.80%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9401     38.70%     51.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11780     48.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10909417     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       206066      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1577      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1203665      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702381      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13023106                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.458522                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24290                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49187718                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15550616                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12809761                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13047396                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38277                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239504                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           50                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22763                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          840                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       372780                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        171621                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12083                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13779603                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5893                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1315765                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707167                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8933                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114208                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       113124                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       227332                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12834594                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1131583                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188511                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1833602                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1805528                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           702019                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.451884                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12809987                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12809761                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7491419                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        19567405                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.451010                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382852                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9577849                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11740012                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2039623                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       201001                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22727418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17960077     79.02%     79.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2308651     10.16%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       899832      3.96%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       484587      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       361393      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       202729      0.89%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       125369      0.55%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111735      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273045      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22727418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9577849                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11740012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1760664                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1076261                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1685089                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10578783                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       238536                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       273045                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           36233943                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          27932103                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                315427                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               5302187                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9577849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11740012                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9577849                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.965424                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.965424                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.337220                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.337220                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       57873539                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      17758698                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12879058                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3178                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2200787                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1800625                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216459                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       904708                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         864474                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227157                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9872                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21174921                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12309346                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2200787                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1091631                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2568212                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        592580                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1147329                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1297188                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       216505                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     25263777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       22695565     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         119824      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         190003      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         256745      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         264063      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         224167      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         126462      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         186162      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1200786      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     25263777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077486                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.433391                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20957469                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1366926                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2563324                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         3007                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       373049                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       362101                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15101441                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1559                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       373049                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       21015846                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        189949                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1043672                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2508682                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       132577                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     15094845                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        19193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        57045                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     21062848                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     70222969                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     70222969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     18223432                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2839387                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3740                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1945                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          397197                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1413394                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       765056                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8986                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       175824                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         15074387                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3754                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14303382                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2306                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1688329                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4054419                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          138                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25263777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259546                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19217273     76.07%     76.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2481920      9.82%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258932      4.98%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       952624      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       748201      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301907      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190240      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        99493      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13187      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25263777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2761     11.55%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8735     36.54%     48.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12409     51.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12028899     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213532      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1792      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1296804      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       762355      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14303382                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.503598                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23905                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001671                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53896751                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16766535                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14085592                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14327287                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28971                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229250                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       373049                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        158015                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12958                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15078168                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1413394                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       765056                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1948                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10970                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125025                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       122348                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       247373                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14103568                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1219247                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       199813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1981534                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2003603                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           762287                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.496563                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14085730                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14085592                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         8086441                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        21792332                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.495930                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371068                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10623801                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     13072821                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2005348                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3616                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       218954                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24890728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19530130     78.46%     78.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2655684     10.67%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1005736      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478153      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400464      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231555      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204761      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90951      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       293294      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24890728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10623801                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     13072821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1937462                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1184140                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1804                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1885266                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11778406                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       269249                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       293294                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           39675525                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          30529416                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                322656                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3138608                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10623801                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            13072821                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10623801                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.673467                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.673467                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.374046                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.374046                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       63476569                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      19621511                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13999344                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3612                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1990513                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1627976                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196862                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       818951                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         782653                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204000                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8816                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19312498                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11298343                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1990513                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       986653                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2366476                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        574114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       960070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1189870                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197861                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23012007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599867                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20645531     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         128940      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         202731      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         321648      1.40%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         132930      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         148669      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         159568      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         103585      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1168405      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23012007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070083                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.397796                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19126178                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1148154                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2358869                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         6112                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       372693                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       326102                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          272                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     13793085                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       372693                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19157187                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        239053                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       820216                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2334495                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        88350                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     13782496                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2608                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        23694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        32967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5862                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19130939                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     64109961                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     64109961                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     16283874                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2847065                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3527                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1952                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          263262                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1314759                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       706392                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21252                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       160639                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13760642                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3538                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13006997                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17024                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1768735                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3973502                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          359                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23012007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17525544     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2203342      9.57%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1203729      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       822081      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       766755      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219236      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       172817      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58172      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40331      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23012007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3095     12.75%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9428     38.83%     51.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11759     48.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10895376     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       205748      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1575      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1202745      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       701553      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13006997                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.457954                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24282                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49067307                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15533066                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12794153                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13031279                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38946                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239899                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22870                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          839                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       372693                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        164440                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12138                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13764201                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5887                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1314759                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       706392                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1950                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9041                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114040                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112840                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       226880                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12819336                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1130837                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187661                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1832013                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1803453                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           701176                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.451347                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12794349                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12794153                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7480663                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        19541412                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.450461                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382811                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9565364                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11724710                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2039549                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       200771                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22639314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17878542     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2305818     10.19%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       898554      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       483663      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360762      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201955      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       125430      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111328      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273262      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22639314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9565364                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11724710                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1758382                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1074860                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1682882                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10565005                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       238225                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       273262                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           36130246                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          27901250                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                315451                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               5390378                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9565364                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11724710                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9565364                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.969295                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.969295                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.336780                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.336780                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       57805832                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      17734964                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12865049                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               28401406                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1939978                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1736778                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       155832                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1312758                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1281116                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113261                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4636                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20592212                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11029504                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1939978                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1394377                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2459204                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        513150                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       834311                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1246840                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       152615                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     24242200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21782996     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         380405      1.57%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         185468      0.77%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         374972      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         115046      0.47%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         349104      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          53316      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          86598      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         914295      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     24242200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068306                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.388344                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20399416                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1032195                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2454111                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1973                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       354504                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       178859                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         1969                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12299928                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         4641                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       354504                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20421918                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        663757                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       298455                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2431514                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        72046                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12280271                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         9475                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        55333                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     16054354                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     55594411                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     55594411                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     12975733                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3078497                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1598                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          809                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          165018                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      2251312                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       349733                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2970                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        79631                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         12215252                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1602                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        11424136                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7628                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2234739                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4598526                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24242200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19231672     79.33%     79.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1556261      6.42%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1704998      7.03%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       976286      4.03%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       496571      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124770      0.51%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145409      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3431      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2802      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24242200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18732     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7769     23.71%     80.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6262     19.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8935802     78.22%     78.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        87038      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          790      0.01%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2054137     17.98%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346369      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     11424136                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.402238                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32763                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47130863                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14451633                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11131095                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     11456899                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8457                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       461794                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8825                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       354504                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        582275                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8553                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12216865                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          406                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2251312                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349733                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          808                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4129                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          239                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105087                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59783                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       164870                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11280109                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2024809                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       144027                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2371138                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1717503                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           346329                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.397167                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             11133918                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            11131095                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6744611                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        14550252                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.391921                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.463539                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8880461                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      9965089                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2252195                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1590                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       154677                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23887696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20195138     84.54%     84.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1439225      6.02%     90.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       936007      3.92%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       291718      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       492770      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        94009      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59508      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        54045      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       325276      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23887696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      8880461                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      9965089                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2130394                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1789486                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1532104                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         8698424                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       121385                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       325276                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           35779678                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          24789437                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                464084                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               4159206                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           8880461                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             9965089                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      8880461                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.198190                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.198190                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.312677                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.312677                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       52487230                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      14471277                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13117954                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         1971                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.579033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         181231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         4019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        45.093556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.605743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.100974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   850.908143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1128.964172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.010303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.415482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.551252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  3734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                2022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   3749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3748                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  3749                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 1970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                1970                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1681529774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1761970129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1683967725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1764408080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1683967725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1764408080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              5702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            2022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               5719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              5719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 869906.763580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895310.024898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 870267.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895638.619289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 870267.558140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895638.619289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               1110                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    1110                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            1970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           1970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1511791243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1589158200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2262351                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262351                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1514053594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591420551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1514053594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591420551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210484.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782095.831868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807499.085366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1131175.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1131175.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210484.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782456.637726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807827.690863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210484.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782456.637726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807827.690863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2027                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.885914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         122154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         4075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        29.976442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.621569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    17.047063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   895.764784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1105.452499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.008324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.539772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            647                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 647                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3575                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3576                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2027                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45088567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1589617776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1634706343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45088567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1589617776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1634706343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45088567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1589617776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1634706343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              5597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               5603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              5603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1734175.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 794411.682159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 806465.882092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1734175.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 794411.682159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 806465.882092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1734175.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 794411.682159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 806465.882092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                277                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     277                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     42805263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1413878677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456683940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     42805263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1413878677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456683940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     42805263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1413878677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456683940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.358859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1646356.269231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 706586.045477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718640.325604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1646356.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 706586.045477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718640.325604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1646356.269231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 706586.045477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718640.325604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         3199                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.601114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         124062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         5244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        23.657895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.137493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    20.222542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   904.935291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1110.305788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.009874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.441863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.542141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            803                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 803                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3882                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3883                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                3195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 3200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3164                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                3200                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58937511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2905282685                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2964220196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8330268                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8330268                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58937511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2913612953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     2972550464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58937511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2913612953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    2972550464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              7068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          803                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             803                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               7083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              7083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.449296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.452037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.449049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.451786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.449049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.451786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1637153.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 919684.294080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 927768.449452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1666053.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1666053.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1637153.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 920863.765171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 928922.020000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1637153.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 920863.765171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 928922.020000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                494                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     494                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            3200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           3200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55776711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2628010285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2683786996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7891268                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7891268                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55776711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2635901553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2691678264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55776711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2635901553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2691678264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.449296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.449049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.449049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1549353.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 831912.087686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839995.929890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1578253.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1578253.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1549353.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 833091.514855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841149.457500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1549353.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 833091.514855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841149.457500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1960                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.564814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         181225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         4008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        45.215818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.660069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    20.893469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   849.113295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1130.897981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.010202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.414606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.552196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2017                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                2017                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3747                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3748                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1924                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1959                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81237076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1652981182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1734218258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1797698                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1797698                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81237076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1654778880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1736015956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81237076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1654778880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1736015956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              5690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2017                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            2017                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               5707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              5707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.339936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.343937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.339270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.343263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.339270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.343263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2321059.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860031.832466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 886161.603475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       898849                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       898849                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2321059.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860072.182952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 886174.556406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2321059.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860072.182952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 886174.556406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               1105                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    1105                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78163449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1484190188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1562353637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1622098                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1622098                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78163449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1485812286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1563975735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78163449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1485812286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1563975735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.339936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.339270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.339270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2233241.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772211.336108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798341.153296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       811049                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       811049                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2233241.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772251.707900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798354.127106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2233241.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772251.707900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798354.127106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         3516                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.928529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         154916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         5564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        27.842559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.352793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.973314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1199.095652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         830.506769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.585496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.405521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  4505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1410                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1410                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   4507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4506                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  4507                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                3509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 3516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3482                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                3516                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54072932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3275373293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3329446225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9689258                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9689258                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54072932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3285062551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     3339135483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54072932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3285062551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    3339135483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              8014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1410                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1410                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               8023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              8023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.435518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.437859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.435904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.438240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.435904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.438240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1590380.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 942553.465612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 948830.500142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1384179.714286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1384179.714286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1590380.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 943441.284032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 949697.236348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1590380.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 943441.284032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 949697.236348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                616                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     616                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            3516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           3516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51086910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2970228572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3021315482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9074658                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9074658                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51086910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2979303230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3030390140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     51086910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2979303230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3030390140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.435518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.435904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.435904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1502556.176471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 854742.035108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861018.946139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1296379.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1296379.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1502556.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 855629.876508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861885.705347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1502556.176471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 855629.876508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861885.705347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         2037                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.871695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         122168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         4085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        29.906487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.624345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    17.642483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   897.810934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1102.793933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.008614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.438384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.538474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            652                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 652                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3584                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3585                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                2038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 2038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                2038                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47044356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1568244846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1615289202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47044356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1568244846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1615289202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47044356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1568244846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1615289202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              5617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          652                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             652                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1680155.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 780221.316418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 792585.476938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1680155.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 780221.316418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 792585.476938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1680155.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 780221.316418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 792585.476938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                276                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     276                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            2038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           2038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44585956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1391854646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436440602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44585956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1391854646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436440602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44585956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1391854646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436440602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1592355.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 692464.998010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704828.558391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1592355.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 692464.998010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704828.558391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1592355.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 692464.998010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704828.558391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.444660                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         182962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        60.224490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.444660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.487845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   452.401164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1528.110991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.013910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.220899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.746148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            969                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 969                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3077                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3079                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92462775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    802478662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     894941437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92462775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    802478662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      894941437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92462775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    802478662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     894941437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              4053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          969                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             969                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               4069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              4069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.238178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.244264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.237234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.237234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2801902.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 838535.696970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 903981.249495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2801902.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 838535.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 903981.249495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2801902.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 838535.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 903981.249495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     89564227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    718418801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    807983028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     89564227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    718418801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    807983028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     89564227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    718418801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    807983028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.238178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.237234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.237234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2714067.484848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 750698.851620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816144.472727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2714067.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 750698.851620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816144.472727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2714067.484848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 750698.851620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816144.472727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1956                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.578294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         181219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         4004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        45.259491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.704492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    20.521027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   844.322579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1136.030197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.010020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.412267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.554702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                2013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3745                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3746                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1921                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1955                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70802301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1654567867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1725370168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1781742                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1781742                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70802301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1656349609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1727151910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70802301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1656349609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1727151910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              5684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            2013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               5701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              5701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.339706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.343596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.339040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.342922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.339040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.342922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2082420.617647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 862203.161542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883446.066564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       890871                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       890871                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2082420.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 862233.008329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883453.662404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2082420.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 862233.008329                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883453.662404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               1102                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    1102                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67817101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1486050019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1553867120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1606142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1606142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67817101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1487656161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1555473262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67817101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1487656161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1555473262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.339706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.339040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.339040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1994620.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 774387.711829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795630.885817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       803071                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       803071                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1994620.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 774417.574701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795638.497187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1994620.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 774417.574701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795638.497187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1316                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.472333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         159501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        47.414090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.272179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.821290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   597.527894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1391.850970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.015049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.291762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.679615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3031                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3033                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1317                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90632458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1068095583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1158728041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90632458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1068095583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1158728041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     90632458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1068095583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1158728041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              4332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               4350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              4350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.297669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.304017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.296425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.296425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2265811.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836410.010180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 879823.873197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2265811.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836410.010180                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 879823.873197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2265811.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836410.010180                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 879823.873197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                552                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     552                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87120458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    953774133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1040894591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87120458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    953774133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1040894591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87120458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    953774133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1040894591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.297436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.296193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.296193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2178011.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 747471.891066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790953.336626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2178011.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 747471.891066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790953.336626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2178011.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 747471.891066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790953.336626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         1972                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.577130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         181194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         4020                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        45.073134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.628744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    20.880657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   851.282497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1128.785232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.010196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.415665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.551165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2006                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                2006                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3727                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3728                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                1969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 1971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1937                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                1971                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71704316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1676215789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1747920105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2453631                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2453631                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71704316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1678669420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1750373736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71704316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1678669420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1750373736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              5682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2006                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            2006                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               5699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              5699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.341984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.341984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2108950.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 866261.389664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 887719.707974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1226815.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1226815.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2108950.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 866633.670625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 888063.792998                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2108950.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 866633.670625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 888063.792998                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               1112                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    1112                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            1971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           1971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68707866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1505614917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1574322783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2277281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2277281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68707866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1507892198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1576600064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68707866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1507892198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1576600064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.342660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.341984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.341984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2020819.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 778095.564341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799554.486034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1138640.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1138640.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2020819.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 778467.835829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799898.561136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2020819.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 778467.835829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799898.561136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.444831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         182968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        60.226465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.444831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.478598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   452.912661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1527.608741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.013906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.221149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.745903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3082                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3084                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     98722069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    791059413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     889781482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     98722069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    791059413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      889781482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     98722069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    791059413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     889781482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              4058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               4074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              4074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.237882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.236940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.236940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2991577.848485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 826603.357367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 898769.173737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2991577.848485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 826603.357367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 898769.173737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2991577.848485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 826603.357367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 898769.173737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95824669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    707034813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    802859482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95824669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    707034813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    802859482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95824669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    707034813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    802859482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.237882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.236940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.236940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2903777.848485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 738803.357367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810969.173737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2903777.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 738803.357367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810969.173737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2903777.848485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 738803.357367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 810969.173737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         2029                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.869940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         122150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         4077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        29.960755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.839830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    17.668969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   896.338055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1104.023085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.008627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.539074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3569                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3570                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                2029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 2029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                2029                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53130515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1599828164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1652958679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53130515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1599828164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1652958679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53130515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1599828164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1652958679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              5593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               5599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              5599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1897518.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 799514.324838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814666.672745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1897518.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 799514.324838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814666.672745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1897518.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 799514.324838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814666.672745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                276                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     276                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            2029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           2029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50670529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1424085207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1474755736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50670529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1424085207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1474755736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50670529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1424085207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1474755736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1809661.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 711686.760120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726838.706752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1809661.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 711686.760120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726838.706752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1809661.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 711686.760120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726838.706752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         3220                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.570868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         124034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         5265                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        23.558215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.129959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.962141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   905.779643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1110.699125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.009259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.442275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.542334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            800                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 800                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3860                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3861                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                3215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 3220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3186                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                3220                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49005108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2950867768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2999872876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10444118                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10444118                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49005108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2961311886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     3010316994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49005108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2961311886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    3010316994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              7066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          800                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             800                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               7081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              7081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.452425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.454996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.452171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.452171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1441326.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 927654.123860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 933086.431104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 2088823.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2088823.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1441326.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 929476.423729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934881.054037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1441326.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 929476.423729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934881.054037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                495                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     495                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            3220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           3220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     46019908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2671544305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2717564213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     10005118                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10005118                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     46019908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2681549423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2727569331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     46019908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2681549423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2727569331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.452425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.452171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.452171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1353526.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 839844.170072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845276.582582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 2001023.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2001023.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1353526.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 841666.485562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847071.220807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1353526.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 841666.485562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847071.220807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1321                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.512425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         159509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3369                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        47.346097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.274919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.711937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   597.624811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1390.900757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.015484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.291809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.679151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3037                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3039                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1280                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1322                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77603490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1067140846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1144744336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77603490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1067140846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1144744336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77603490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1067140846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1144744336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              4343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               4361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              4361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.297744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.304398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.296502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.303141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.296502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.303141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1847702.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 833703.785937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865918.559758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1847702.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 833703.785937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 865918.559758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1847702.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 833703.785937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 865918.559758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                555                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     555                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73915424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    951893053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1025808477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73915424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    951893053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1025808477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73915424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    951893053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1025808477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.297511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.296271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.296271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1759891.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 744247.891321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776539.346707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1759891.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 744247.891321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776539.346707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1759891.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 744247.891321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776539.346707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         3197                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.570688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         124022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         5242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        23.659290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.129723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    19.133725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   899.531396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1116.775844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.009343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.439224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.545301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3850                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3851                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                3192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 3197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3162                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                3197                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60298520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2951522307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3011820827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9443177                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9443177                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60298520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2960965484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     3021264004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60298520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2960965484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    3021264004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              7033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               7048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              7048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.451193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.450941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.450941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1722814.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 934913.622743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943552.890664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1888635.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1888635.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1722814.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 936421.721695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945030.967782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1722814.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 936421.721695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945030.967782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                490                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     490                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            3197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           3197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57225052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2674267344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2731492396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9003646                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9003646                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57225052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2683270990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2740496042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57225052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2683270990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2740496042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.451193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.450941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.450941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1635001.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 847091.334812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855730.700501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1800729.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1800729.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1635001.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 848599.301075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857208.646231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1635001.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 848599.301075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857208.646231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2037                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.851400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         122159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         4085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        29.904284                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.623200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    17.747462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   897.173019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1103.307720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.008666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.438073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.538724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            651                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 651                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3576                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3577                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2010                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2038                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59197502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1578284072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1637481574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59197502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1578284072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1637481574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59197502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1578284072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1637481574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              5609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               5615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              5615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.360215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.363345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2114196.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 785215.956219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 803474.766438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2114196.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 785215.956219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 803474.766438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2114196.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 785215.956219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 803474.766438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                279                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     279                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     56738309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1401854880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1458593189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     56738309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1401854880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1458593189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     56738309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1401854880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1458593189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.360215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.359828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2026368.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 697440.238806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715698.326300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2026368.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 697440.238806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715698.326300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2026368.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 697440.238806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715698.326300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              512.188115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001231965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1932880.241313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.188115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.048378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1223873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1223873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 5683                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              158375042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 5939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             26666.954369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   225.408583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    30.591417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.880502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.119498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       860970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       726358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1587328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1587328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8159249830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8159249830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    430801109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    430801109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8590050939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8590050939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8590050939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8590050939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       880311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1607265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1607265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 421862.873171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421862.873171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 722820.652685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 722820.652685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 430859.755179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430859.755179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 430859.755179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430859.755179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6155950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 769493.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            2022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1943092349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1943092349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3421282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3421282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1946513631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946513631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1946513631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946513631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342938.995588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342938.995588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 201251.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201251.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342515.155904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342515.155904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342515.155904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342515.155904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              548.173528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              919941053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1660543.416968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    21.842322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.331206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.035004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1243870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1243870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1243870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1243870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1243870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54834218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54834218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54834218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54834218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     54834218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54834218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1243912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1243912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1243912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1305576.619048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1305576.619048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1305576.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1305576.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1305576.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1305576.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45385680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45385680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45385680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45385680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45385680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45385680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1680951.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1680951.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1680951.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1680951.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1680951.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1680951.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5576                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              205261780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5832                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35195.778464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   192.458460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    63.541540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.751791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.248209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1852312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1852312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       338320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          793                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          793                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2190632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2190632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2190632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2190632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        19833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        19833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9055799176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9055799176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2229493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2229493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9058028669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9058028669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9058028669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9058028669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1872119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1872119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       338346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          793                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          793                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2210465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2210465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2210465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2210465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 457201.957692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 457201.957692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85749.730769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85749.730769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 456715.003731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 456715.003731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 456715.003731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 456715.003731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1840240197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1840240197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       385689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       385689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1840625886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1840625886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1840625886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1840625886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 330384.236445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330384.236445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64281.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64281.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 330097.899211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330097.899211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 330097.899211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330097.899211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              518.292516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1005651112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1908256.379507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.502967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   489.789549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.045678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.784919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1193067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1193067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1193067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1193067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1193067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1193067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82434142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82434142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82434142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82434142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82434142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82434142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1193122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1193122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1193122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1193122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1193122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1193122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1498802.581818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1498802.581818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1498802.581818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1498802.581818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1498802.581818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1498802.581818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59318181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59318181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59318181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59318181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59318181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59318181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1603194.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1603194.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1603194.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1603194.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1603194.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1603194.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 7045                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              167171300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 7301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             22897.041501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   227.278082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    28.721918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.887805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.112195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       825371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        825371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       682395                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       682395                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1878                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1878                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1507766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1507766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1507766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1507766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        18602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18602                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        18602                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8153598880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8153598880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     79206933                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79206933                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8232805813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8232805813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8232805813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8232805813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       843877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       843877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       682491                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       682491                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1878                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1878                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1526368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1526368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1526368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1526368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 440592.179834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440592.179834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 825072.218750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825072.218750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 442576.379583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442576.379583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 442576.379583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442576.379583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        11475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        11556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        11556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3185995510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3185995510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9012768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9012768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3195008278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3195008278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3195008278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3195008278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 453135.472906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453135.472906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 600851.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 600851.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 453449.940108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453449.940108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 453449.940108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453449.940108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              511.516525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1001234114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1932884.389961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    29.516525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.047302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1226022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1226022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1226022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1226022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1226022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1226022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    111867102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111867102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    111867102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111867102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    111867102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111867102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1226071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1226071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1226071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1226071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1226071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1226071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2283002.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2283002.081633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2283002.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2283002.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2283002.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2283002.081633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81599474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81599474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81599474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81599474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81599474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81599474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2266652.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2266652.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2266652.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2266652.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2266652.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2266652.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              158378777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             26721.575333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   225.418720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    30.581280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.880542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.119458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       863152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        863152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       727894                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       727894                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1674                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1674                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1591046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1591046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1591046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1591046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        20021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        20021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8237853113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8237853113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    402498786                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    402498786                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8640351899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8640351899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8640351899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8640351899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       882573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       882573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       728494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       728494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1674                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1674                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1611067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1611067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1611067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1611067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 424172.448020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424172.448020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 670831.310000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 670831.310000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 431564.452275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431564.452275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 431564.452275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431564.452275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5931088                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       741386                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2017                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            2017                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1914356955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1914356955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2798277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2798277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1917155232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1917155232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1917155232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1917155232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338584.533958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338584.533958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164604.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164604.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338062.992770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338062.992770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338062.992770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338062.992770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              569.709734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1030761849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1783324.998270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    28.342775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.366959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.045421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1179068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1179068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1179068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1179068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1179068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1179068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73008907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73008907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73008907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73008907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73008907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73008907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1179119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1179119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1179119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1179119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1179119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1179119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1431547.196078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1431547.196078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1431547.196078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1431547.196078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1431547.196078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1431547.196078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54419846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54419846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54419846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54419846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54419846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54419846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1554852.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554852.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1554852.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554852.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1554852.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554852.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 7988                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              406296885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 8244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             49283.950146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.090497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.909503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.433947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.566053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3070401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3070401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1680590                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1680590                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4750991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4750991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4750991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4750991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        28981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        28981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13753080615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13753080615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     33848284                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33848284                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13786928899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13786928899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13786928899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13786928899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3099352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3099352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1680620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1680620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4779972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4779972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4779972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4779972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 475046.824462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 475046.824462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1128276.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1128276.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 475723.021945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 475723.021945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 475723.021945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 475723.021945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1410                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1410                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20993                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20993                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3612300623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3612300623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9875701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9875701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3622176324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3622176324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3622176324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3622176324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 452725.983582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452725.983582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1097300.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1097300.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 453452.218828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453452.218828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 453452.218828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453452.218828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              549.118931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              919943973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1654575.491007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.788468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.330463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.036520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1246790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1246790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1246790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1246790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1246790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1246790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54313827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54313827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54313827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54313827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54313827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54313827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1246834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1246834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1246834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1246834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1246834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1246834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1234405.159091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1234405.159091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1234405.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1234405.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1234405.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1234405.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47358538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47358538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47358538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47358538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47358538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47358538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1633053.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633053.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1633053.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633053.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1633053.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633053.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5593                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              205268581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5849                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35094.645409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   191.844190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    64.155810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.749391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.250609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1858159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1858159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       339277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2197436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2197436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2197436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2197436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8988121393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8988121393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2224442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2224442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8990345835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8990345835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8990345835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8990345835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1878070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1878070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       339303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2217373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2217373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2217373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2217373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 451414.865803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451414.865803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85555.461538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85555.461538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 450937.745649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450937.745649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 450937.745649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450937.745649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1819469607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1819469607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1819854207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1819854207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1819854207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1819854207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 325603.007695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325603.007695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 325322.525384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325322.525384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 325322.525384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325322.525384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              486.775647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1003117189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2047177.936735                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    31.775647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.050923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1328231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1328231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1328231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1328231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1328231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1328231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    137180955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    137180955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    137180955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    137180955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    137180955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    137180955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1328276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1328276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1328276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1328276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1328276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1328276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3048465.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3048465.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3048465.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3048465.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3048465.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3048465.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1987109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 662369.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92902273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92902273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92902273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92902273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     92902273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92902273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2654350.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2654350.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2654350.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2654350.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2654350.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2654350.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 4034                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              148883311                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             34704.734499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   220.784278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    35.215722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.862439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.137561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1057678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1057678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       784736                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       784736                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1842414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1842414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1842414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1842414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        10396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        10396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2374992672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2374992672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6118561                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6118561                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2381111233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2381111233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2381111233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2381111233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1067999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1067999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       784811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       784811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1852810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1852810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1852810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1852810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 230112.651100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230112.651100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 81580.813333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81580.813333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 229041.095902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 229041.095902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 229041.095902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 229041.095902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         6303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         6362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         6362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1009921208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1009921208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1111408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1111408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1011032616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011032616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1011032616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011032616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 251349.230463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251349.230463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        69463                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69463                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 250627.817551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250627.817551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 250627.817551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250627.817551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              511.461216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001233337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1936621.541586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    29.461216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.047213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1225245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1225245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1225245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1225245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1225245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1225245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101296679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101296679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101296679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101296679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101296679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101296679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1225294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1225294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1225294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1225294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1225294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1225294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2067279.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2067279.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2067279.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2067279.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2067279.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2067279.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71150235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71150235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71150235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71150235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     71150235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71150235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2032863.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2032863.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2032863.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2032863.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2032863.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2032863.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5666                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              158376620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             26743.772374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   225.381640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    30.618360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.880397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.119603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       861648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        861648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       727262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       727262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1588910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1588910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1588910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1588910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        19914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        19914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8186347290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8186347290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    308636815                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    308636815                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8494984105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8494984105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8494984105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8494984105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       880962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       727862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       727862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1608824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1608824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1608824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1608824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 423855.611991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423855.611991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 514394.691667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 514394.691667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 426583.514362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426583.514362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 426583.514362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426583.514362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3692831                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 461603.875000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            2013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1915813156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1915813156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2774867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2774867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1918588023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1918588023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1918588023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1918588023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 339141.999646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339141.999646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163227.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163227.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 338614.193964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338614.193964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 338614.193964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338614.193964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              510.303542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              999992344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1934221.168279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    35.303542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.056576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1296509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1296509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1296509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1296509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1296509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1296509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    118145727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    118145727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    118145727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    118145727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    118145727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    118145727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1296565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1296565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1296565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1296565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1296565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1296565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2109745.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2109745.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2109745.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2109745.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2109745.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2109745.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       236619                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       236619                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91113764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91113764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91113764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91113764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91113764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91113764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2169375.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2169375.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2169375.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2169375.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2169375.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2169375.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4308                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              152540713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             33422.592682                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   223.736637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    32.263363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.873971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.126029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       891870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        891870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       749499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       749499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1641369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1641369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1641369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1641369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        13879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        13879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4607680398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4607680398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8538785                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8538785                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4616219183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4616219183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4616219183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4616219183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       905644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       905644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       749604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       749604                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1655248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1655248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1655248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1655248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 334520.139248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334520.139248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 81321.761905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81321.761905                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 332604.595648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332604.595648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 332604.595648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332604.595648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1274948415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1274948415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1168460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1168460                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1276116875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1276116875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1276116875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1276116875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 297190.772727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297190.772727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64914.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64914.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 296220.258821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296220.258821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 296220.258821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296220.258821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              511.708968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001232142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1936619.230174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    29.708968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.047611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1224050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1224050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1224050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1224050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1224050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1224050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102083209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102083209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102083209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102083209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102083209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102083209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1224099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1224099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1224099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1224099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1224099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1224099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2083330.795918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2083330.795918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2083330.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2083330.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2083330.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2083330.795918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72053038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72053038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72053038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72053038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72053038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72053038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2058658.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2058658.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2058658.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2058658.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2058658.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2058658.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5664                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              158375899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             26752.685642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   225.398459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    30.601541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.880463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.119537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       861638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        861638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       726606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1726                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1726                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1588244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1588244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1588244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1588244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          597                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          597                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8231729346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8231729346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    388367442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    388367442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8620096788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8620096788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8620096788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8620096788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       880930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       727203                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       727203                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1726                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1726                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1608133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1608133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1608133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1608133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000821                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000821                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 426691.340763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 426691.340763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 650531.728643                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 650531.728643                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 433410.266378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433410.266378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 433410.266378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433410.266378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5815104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 646122.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2006                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            2006                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14225                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14225                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1936428996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1936428996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3442201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3442201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1939871197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1939871197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1939871197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1939871197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 342912.873384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342912.873384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 202482.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202482.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 342491.383651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342491.383651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 342491.383651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342491.383651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              486.773321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1003118764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2047181.151020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.773321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.050919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1329806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1329806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1329806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1329806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1329806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1329806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    142480842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142480842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    142480842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    142480842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    142480842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    142480842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1329852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1329852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1329852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1329852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1329852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1329852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3097409.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3097409.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3097409.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3097409.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3097409.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3097409.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3244216                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       811054                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99125239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99125239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99125239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     99125239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     99125239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     99125239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2832149.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2832149.685714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2832149.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2832149.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2832149.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2832149.685714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4039                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              148885445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             34664.830035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   220.751399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    35.248601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.862310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.137690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1058907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1058907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       785637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1844544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1844544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1844544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1844544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        10410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        10410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2345711256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2345711256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6114875                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6114875                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2351826131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2351826131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2351826131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2351826131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1069242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1069242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       785712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1854954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1854954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1854954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1854954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 226967.707402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226967.707402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 81531.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81531.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 225919.897310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225919.897310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 225919.897310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225919.897310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    998847722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    998847722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1111100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1111100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    999958822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    999958822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    999958822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    999958822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 248284.295799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248284.295799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 69443.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69443.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 247575.841050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247575.841050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 247575.841050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247575.841050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              549.105188                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              919940488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1654569.223022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.774000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.331187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.036497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1243305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1243305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1243305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1243305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1243305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61033125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61033125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61033125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61033125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61033125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61033125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1243349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1243349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1243349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1387116.477273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1387116.477273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1387116.477273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1387116.477273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1387116.477273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1387116.477273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53461274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53461274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53461274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53461274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53461274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53461274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1843492.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1843492.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1843492.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1843492.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1843492.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1843492.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              205262106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35232.081359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   191.424289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    64.575711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.747751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.252249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1852782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1852782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       338184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2190966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2190966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2190966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2190966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        19864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        19864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9044315761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9044315761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2279717                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2279717                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9046595478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9046595478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9046595478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9046595478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1872620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1872620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       338210                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338210                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2210830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2210830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2210830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2210830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 455908.648100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 455908.648100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87681.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87681.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 455426.675292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 455426.675292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 455426.675292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 455426.675292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14294                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14294                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1850088538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850088538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       405222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1850493760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850493760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1850493760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850493760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 332510.520848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332510.520848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        67537                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67537                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 332225.091562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332225.091562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 332225.091562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332225.091562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              517.080635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1005649350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1915522.571429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    27.080635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.043398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1191305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1191305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1191305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1191305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1191305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1191305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77152410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77152410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77152410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77152410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77152410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77152410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1191362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1191362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1191362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1191362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1191362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1353551.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1353551.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1353551.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1353551.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1353551.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1353551.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49374155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49374155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49374155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49374155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49374155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49374155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1410690.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1410690.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1410690.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1410690.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1410690.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1410690.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7046                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              167168329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 7302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             22893.498904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   227.317113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    28.682887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.887957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.112043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       823697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        823697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       681102                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       681102                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1876                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1876                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1504799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1504799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1504799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1504799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        18556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        18556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8209933016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8209933016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     97883345                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     97883345                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8307816361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8307816361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8307816361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8307816361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       842163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       842163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       681192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       681192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1876                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1876                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1523355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1523355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1523355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1523355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 444597.260695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444597.260695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1087592.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1087592.722222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 447715.906499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447715.906499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 447715.906499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447715.906499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11510                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11510                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3230397913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3230397913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11126618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11126618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3241524531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3241524531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3241524531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3241524531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 459450.705874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459450.705874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 741774.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741774.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 460051.735879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 460051.735879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 460051.735879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 460051.735879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              511.350915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              999992961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1926768.710983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    36.350915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.058255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1297126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1297126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1297126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1297126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1297126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1297126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110248097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110248097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110248097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110248097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    110248097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110248097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1297188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1297188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1297188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1297188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1297188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1297188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1778195.112903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1778195.112903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1778195.112903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1778195.112903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1778195.112903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1778195.112903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78098110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78098110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78098110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78098110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78098110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78098110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1774957.045455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1774957.045455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1774957.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1774957.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1774957.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1774957.045455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4317                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              152541187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             33356.918216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   223.678424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    32.321576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.873744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.126256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       892081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        892081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       749752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       749752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1641833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1641833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1641833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1641833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        13845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        13845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4599950637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4599950637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8629726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8629726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4608580363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4608580363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4608580363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4608580363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       905821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       905821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       749857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       749857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1655678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1655678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1655678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1655678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334785.344760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334785.344760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 82187.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82187.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 332869.654243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332869.654243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 332869.654243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332869.654243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1274439861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1274439861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1169096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1169096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1275608957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1275608957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1275608957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1275608957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 296450.304955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296450.304955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64949.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64949.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 295485.049108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295485.049108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 295485.049108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295485.049108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              517.265655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1005647859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1911878.058935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    27.265655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.043695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1189814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1189814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1189814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1189814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1189814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1189814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97298023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97298023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97298023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97298023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97298023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97298023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1189870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1189870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1189870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1189870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1189870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1737464.696429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1737464.696429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1737464.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1737464.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1737464.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1737464.696429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60664869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60664869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60664869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60664869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60664869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60664869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1685135.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685135.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1685135.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685135.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1685135.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685135.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 7012                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              167166450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 7268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             23000.337094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   227.226354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    28.773646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.887603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.112397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       822678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        822678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       680218                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680218                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1901                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1901                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1502896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1502896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1502896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1502896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        18480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        18480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8147157158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8147157158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     87671278                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87671278                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8234828436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8234828436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8234828436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8234828436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       841062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       841062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       680314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1901                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1901                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1521376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1521376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1521376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1521376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 443165.641754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443165.641754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 913242.479167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 913242.479167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 445607.599351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445607.599351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 445607.599351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445607.599351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11468                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11468                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3230031818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3230031818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10125677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10125677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3240157495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3240157495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3240157495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3240157495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 461630.958697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461630.958697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 675045.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 675045.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 462087.492156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462087.492156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 462087.492156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462087.492156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              549.126077                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              919943980                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1654575.503597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.796260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.329817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.036532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.843477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1246797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1246797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1246797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1246797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1246797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1246797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     91389230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91389230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     91389230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91389230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     91389230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91389230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1246840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1246840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1246840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1246840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1246840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1246840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2125330.930233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2125330.930233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2125330.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2125330.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2125330.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2125330.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59515214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59515214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59515214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59515214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59515214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59515214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2052248.758621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2052248.758621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2052248.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2052248.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2052248.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2052248.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5585                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              205265600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5841                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             35142.201678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   190.814184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    65.185816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.745368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.254632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1855179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1855179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       339277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2194456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        2194456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2194456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       2194456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        19929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19929                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        19929                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8870392510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8870392510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2092889                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2092889                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8872485399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8872485399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8872485399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8872485399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1875082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1875082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       339303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2214385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2214385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2214385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2214385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 445681.179219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445681.179219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 80495.730769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80495.730769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 445204.746801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445204.746801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 445204.746801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445204.746801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1829193728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1829193728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1829578328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1829578328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1829578328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1829578328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 327812.496057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327812.496057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 327529.238811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327529.238811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 327529.238811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327529.238811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
